Genesis 1:1	In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
Genesis 1:11	And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.
Genesis 1:21	And God created great whales, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:31	And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.
Genesis 2:10	And a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from thence it was parted, and became into four heads.
Genesis 2:20	And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air, and to every beast of the field; but for Adam there was not found an help meet for him.
Genesis 3:5	For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.
Genesis 3:15	And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.
Genesis 4:1	And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I have gotten a man from the LORD.
Genesis 4:11	And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand;
Genesis 4:21	And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such as handle the harp and organ.
Genesis 5:5	And all the days that Adam lived were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died.
Genesis 5:15	And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared:
Genesis 5:25	And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech.
Genesis 6:3	And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years.
Genesis 6:13	And God said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me; for the earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I will destroy them with the earth.
Genesis 7:1	And the LORD said unto Noah, Come thou and all thy house into the ark; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation.
Genesis 7:11	In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.
Genesis 7:21	And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, and every man:
Genesis 8:7	And he sent forth a raven, which went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off the earth.
Genesis 8:17	Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee, of all flesh, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and multiply upon the earth.
Genesis 9:5	And surely your blood of your lives will I require; at the hand of every beast will I require it, and at the hand of man; at the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man.
Genesis 9:15	And I will remember my covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh.
Genesis 9:25	And he said, Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren.
Genesis 10:6	And the sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, and Phut, and Canaan.
Genesis 10:16	And the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgasite,
Genesis 10:26	And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,
Genesis 11:4	And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven; and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.
Genesis 11:14	And Salah lived thirty years, and begat Eber:
Genesis 11:24	And Nahor lived nine and twenty years, and begat Terah:
Genesis 12:2	And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing:
Genesis 12:12	Therefore it shall come to pass, when the Egyptians shall see thee, that they shall say, This is his wife: and they will kill me, but they will save thee alive.
Genesis 13:2	And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold.
Genesis 13:12	Abram dwelled in the land of Canaan, and Lot dwelled in the cities of the plain, and pitched his tent toward Sodom.
Genesis 14:4	Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year they rebelled.
Genesis 14:14	And when Abram heard that his brother was taken captive, he armed his trained servants, born in his own house, three hundred and eighteen, and pursued them unto Dan.
Genesis 14:24	Save only that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men which went with me, Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre; let them take their portion.
Genesis 15:10	And he took unto him all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid each piece one against another: but the birds divided he not.
Genesis 15:20	And the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Rephaim,
Genesis 16:9	And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Return to thy mistress, and submit thyself under her hands.
Genesis 17:3	And Abram fell on his face: and God talked with him, saying,
Genesis 17:13	He that is born in thy house, and he that is bought with thy money, must needs be circumcised: and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant.
Genesis 17:23	And Abraham took Ishmael his son, and all that were born in his house, and all that were bought with his money, every male among the men of Abraham's house; and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin in the selfsame day, as God had said unto him.
Genesis 18:6	And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah, and said, Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes upon the hearth.
Genesis 18:16	And the men rose up from thence, and looked toward Sodom: and Abraham went with them to bring them on the way.
Genesis 18:26	And the LORD said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare all the place for their sakes.
Genesis 19:3	And he pressed upon them greatly; and they turned in unto him, and entered into his house; and he made them a feast, and did bake unleavened bread, and they did eat.
Genesis 19:13	For we will destroy this place, because the cry of them is waxen great before the face of the LORD; and the LORD hath sent us to destroy it.
Genesis 19:23	The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoar.
Genesis 19:33	And they made their father drink wine that night: and the firstborn went in, and lay with her father; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose.
Genesis 20:5	Said he not unto me, She is my sister? and she, even she herself said, He is my brother: in the integrity of my heart and innocency of my hands have I done this.
Genesis 20:15	And Abimelech said, Behold, my land is before thee: dwell where it pleaseth thee.
Genesis 21:7	And she said, Who would have said unto Abraham, that Sarah should have given children suck? for I have born him a son in his old age.
Genesis 21:17	And God heard the voice of the lad; and the angel of God called to Hagar out of heaven, and said unto her, What aileth thee, Hagar? fear not; for God hath heard the voice of the lad where he is.
Genesis 21:27	And Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them unto Abimelech; and both of them made a covenant.
Genesis 22:3	And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son, and clave the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up, and went unto the place of which God had told him.
Genesis 22:13	And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold behind him a ram caught in a thicket by his horns: and Abraham went and took the ram, and offered him up for a burnt offering in the stead of his son.
Genesis 22:23	And Bethuel begat Rebekah: these eight Milcah did bear to Nahor, Abraham's brother.
Genesis 23:9	That he may give me the cave of Machpelah, which he hath, which is in the end of his field; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a possession of a buryingplace amongst you.
Genesis 23:19	And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre: the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 24:9	And the servant put his hand under the thigh of Abraham his master, and sware to him concerning that matter.
Genesis 24:19	And when she had done giving him drink, she said, I will draw water for thy camels also, until they have done drinking.
Genesis 24:29	And Rebekah had a brother, and his name was Laban: and Laban ran out unto the man, unto the well.
Genesis 24:39	And I said unto my master, Peradventure the woman will not follow me.
Genesis 24:49	And now if ye will deal kindly and truly with my master, tell me: and if not, tell me; that I may turn to the right hand, or to the left.
Genesis 24:59	And they sent away Rebekah their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men.
Genesis 25:2	And she bare him Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah.
Genesis 25:12	Now these are the generations of Ishmael, Abraham's son, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah's handmaid, bare unto Abraham:
Genesis 25:22	And the children struggled together within her; and she said, If it be so, why am I thus? And she went to inquire of the LORD.
Genesis 25:32	And Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall this birthright do to me?
Genesis 26:8	And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that Abimelech king of the Philistines looked out at a window, and saw, and, behold, Isaac was sporting with Rebekah his wife.
Genesis 26:18	And Isaac digged again the wells of water, which they had digged in the days of Abraham his father; for the Philistines had stopped them after the death of Abraham: and he called their names after the names by which his father had called them.
Genesis 26:28	And they said, We saw certainly that the LORD was with thee: and we said, Let there be now an oath betwixt us, even betwixt us and thee, and let us make a covenant with thee;
Genesis 27:3	Now therefore take, I pray thee, thy weapons, thy quiver and thy bow, and go out to the field, and take me some venison;
Genesis 27:13	And his mother said unto him, Upon me be thy curse, my son: only obey my voice, and go fetch me them.
Genesis 27:23	And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands: so he blessed him.
Genesis 27:33	And Isaac trembled very exceedingly, and said, Who? where is he that hath taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all before thou camest, and have blessed him? yea, and he shall be blessed.
Genesis 27:43	Now therefore, my son, obey my voice; arise, flee thou to Laban my brother to Haran;
Genesis 28:7	And that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother, and was gone to Padanaram;
Genesis 28:17	And he was afraid, and said, How dreadful is this place! this is none other but the house of God, and this is the gate of heaven.
Genesis 29:5	And he said unto them, Know ye Laban the son of Nahor? And they said, We know him.
Genesis 29:15	And Laban said unto Jacob, Because thou art my brother, shouldest thou therefore serve me for nought? tell me, what shall thy wages be?
Genesis 29:25	And it came to pass, that in the morning, behold, it was Leah: and he said to Laban, What is this thou hast done unto me? did not I serve with thee for Rachel? wherefore then hast thou beguiled me?
Genesis 29:35	And she conceived again, and bare a son: and she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name Judah; and left bearing.
Genesis 30:10	And Zilpah Leah's maid bare Jacob a son.
Genesis 30:20	And Leah said, God hath endued me with a good dowry; now will my husband dwell with me, because I have born him six sons: and she called his name Zebulun.
Genesis 30:30	For it was little which thou hadst before I came, and it is now increased unto a multitude; and the LORD hath blessed thee since my coming: and now when shall I provide for mine own house also?
Genesis 30:40	And Jacob did separate the lambs, and set the faces of the flocks toward the ring-streaked, and all the brown in the flock of Laban; and he put his own flocks by themselves, and put them not unto Laban's cattle.
Genesis 31:7	And your father hath deceived me, and changed my wages ten times; but God suffered him not to hurt me.
Genesis 31:17	Then Jacob rose up, and set his sons and his wives upon camels;
Genesis 31:27	Wherefore didst thou flee away secretly, and steal away from me; and didst not tell me, that I might have sent thee away with mirth, and with songs, with tabret, and with harp?
Genesis 31:37	Whereas thou hast searched all my stuff, what hast thou found of all thy household stuff? set it here before my brethren and thy brethren, that they may judge betwixt us both.
Genesis 31:47	And Laban called it Jegarsahadutha: but Jacob called it Galeed.
Genesis 32:2	And when Jacob saw them, he said, This is God's host: and he called the name of that place Mahanaim.
Genesis 32:12	And thou saidst, I will surely do thee good, and make thy seed as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude.
Genesis 32:22	And he rose up that night, and took his two wives, and his two womenservants, and his eleven sons, and passed over the ford Jabbok.
Genesis 32:32	Therefore the children of Israel eat not of the sinew which shrank, which is upon the hollow of the thigh, unto this day: because he touched the hollow of Jacob's thigh in the sinew that shrank.
Genesis 33:10	And Jacob said, Nay, I pray thee, if now I have found grace in thy sight, then receive my present at my hand: for therefore I have seen thy face, as though I had seen the face of God, and thou wast pleased with me.
Genesis 33:20	And he erected there an altar, and called it EleloheIsrael.
Genesis 34:10	And ye shall dwell with us: and the land shall be before you; dwell and trade ye therein, and get you possessions therein.
Genesis 34:20	And Hamor and Shechem his son came unto the gate of their city, and communed with the men of their city, saying,
Genesis 34:30	And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, Ye have troubled me to make me to stink among the inhabitants of the land, among the Canaanites and the Perizzites: and I being few in number, they shall gather themselves together against me, and slay me; and I shall be destroyed, I and my house.
Genesis 35:9	And God appeared unto Jacob again, when he came out of Padanaram, and blessed him.
Genesis 35:19	And Rachel died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath, which is Bethlehem.
Genesis 35:29	And Isaac gave up the ghost, and died, and was gathered unto his people, being old and full of days: and his sons Esau and Jacob buried him.
Genesis 36:10	These are the names of Esau's sons; Eliphaz the son of Adah the wife of Esau, Reuel the son of Bashemath the wife of Esau.
Genesis 36:20	These are the sons of Seir the Horite, who inhabited the land; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah,
Genesis 36:30	Duke Dishon, duke Ezer, duke Dishan: these are the dukes that came of Hori, among their dukes in the land of Seir.
Genesis 36:40	And these are the names of the dukes that came of Esau, according to their families, after their places, by their names; duke Timnah, duke Alvah, duke Jetheth,
Genesis 37:7	For, behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and, lo, my sheaf arose, and also stood upright; and, behold, your sheaves stood round about, and made obeisance to my sheaf.
Genesis 37:17	And the man said, They are departed hence; for I heard them say, Let us go to Dothan. And Joseph went after his brethren, and found them in Dothan.
Genesis 37:27	Come, and let us sell him to the Ishmaelites, and let not our hand be upon him; for he is our brother and our flesh. And his brethren were content.
Genesis 38:1	And it came to pass at that time, that Judah went down from his brethren, and turned in to a certain Adullamite, whose name was Hirah.
Genesis 38:11	Then said Judah to Tamar his daughter in law, Remain a widow at thy father's house, till Shelah my son be grown: for he said, Lest peradventure he die also, as his brethren did. And Tamar went and dwelt in her father's house.
Genesis 38:21	Then he asked the men of that place, saying, Where is the harlot, that was openly by the way side? And they said, There was no harlot in this place.
Genesis 39:1	And Joseph was brought down to Egypt; and Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh, captain of the guard, an Egyptian, bought him of the hands of the Ishmaelites, which had brought him down thither.
Genesis 39:11	And it came to pass about this time, that Joseph went into the house to do his business; and there was none of the men of the house there within.
Genesis 39:21	But the LORD was with Joseph, and showed him mercy, and gave him favor in the sight of the keeper of the prison.
Genesis 40:8	And they said unto him, We have dreamed a dream, and there is no interpreter of it. And Joseph said unto them, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell me them, I pray you.
Genesis 40:18	And Joseph answered and said, This is the interpretation thereof: The three baskets are three days:
Genesis 41:5	And he slept and dreamed the second time: and, behold, seven ears of corn came up upon one stalk, rank and good.
Genesis 41:15	And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I have dreamed a dream, and there is none that can interpret it: and I have heard say of thee, that thou canst understand a dream to interpret it.
Genesis 41:25	And Joseph said unto Pharaoh, The dream of Pharaoh is one: God hath showed Pharaoh what he is about to do.
Genesis 41:35	And let them gather all the food of those good years that come, and lay up corn under the hand of Pharaoh, and let them keep food in the cities.
Genesis 41:45	And Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zaphnathpaaneah; and he gave him to wife Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On. And Joseph went out over all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:55	And when all the land of Egypt was famished, the people cried to Pharaoh for bread: and Pharaoh said unto all the Egyptians, Go unto Joseph; what he saith to you, do.
Genesis 42:8	And Joseph knew his brethren, but they knew not him.
Genesis 42:18	And Joseph said unto them the third day, This do, and live; for I fear God:
Genesis 42:28	And he said unto his brethren, My money is restored; and, lo, it is even in my sack: and their heart failed them, and they were afraid, saying one to another, What is this that God hath done unto us?
Genesis 42:38	And he said, My son shall not go down with you; for his brother is dead, and he is left alone: if mischief befall him by the way in the which ye go, then shall ye bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave.
Genesis 43:10	For except we had lingered, surely now we had returned this second time.
Genesis 43:20	And said, O sir, we came indeed down at the first time to buy food:
Genesis 43:30	And Joseph made haste; for his bowels did yearn upon his brother: and he sought where to weep; and he entered into his chamber, and wept there.
Genesis 44:6	And he overtook them, and he spake unto them these same words.
Genesis 44:16	And Judah said, What shall we say unto my lord? what shall we speak? or how shall we clear ourselves? God hath found out the iniquity of thy servants: behold, we are my lord's servants, both we, and he also with whom the cup is found.
Genesis 44:26	And we said, We cannot go down: if our youngest brother be with us, then will we go down: for we may not see the man's face, except our youngest brother be with us.
Genesis 45:2	And he wept aloud: and the Egyptians and the house of Pharaoh heard.
Genesis 45:12	And, behold, your eyes see, and the eyes of my brother Benjamin, that it is my mouth that speaketh unto you.
Genesis 45:22	To all of them he gave each man changes of raiment; but to Benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver, and five changes of raiment.
Genesis 46:4	I will go down with thee into Egypt; and I will also surely bring thee up again: and Joseph shall put his hand upon thine eyes.
Genesis 46:14	And the sons of Zebulun; Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel.
Genesis 46:24	And the sons of Naphtali; Jahzeel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem.
Genesis 46:34	That ye shall say, Thy servants' trade hath been about cattle from our youth even until now, both we, and also our fathers: that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians.
Genesis 47:10	And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh.
Genesis 47:20	And Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the famine prevailed over them: so the land became Pharaoh's.
Genesis 47:30	But I will lie with my fathers, and thou shalt carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their buryingplace. And he said, I will do as thou hast said.
Genesis 48:9	And Joseph said unto his father, They are my sons, whom God hath given me in this place. And he said, Bring them, I pray thee, unto me, and I will bless them.
Genesis 48:19	And his father refused, and said, I know it, my son, I know it: he also shall become a people, and he also shall be great: but truly his younger brother shall be greater than he, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations.
Genesis 49:7	Cursed be their anger, for it was fierce; and their wrath, for it was cruel: I will divide them in Jacob, and scatter them in Israel.
Genesis 49:17	Dan shall be a serpent by the way, an adder in the path, that biteth the horse heels, so that his rider shall fall backward.
Genesis 49:27	Benjamin shall raven as a wolf: in the morning he shall devour the prey, and at night he shall divide the spoil.
Genesis 50:4	And when the days of his mourning were past, Joseph spake unto the house of Pharaoh, saying, If now I have found grace in your eyes, speak, I pray you, in the ears of Pharaoh, saying,
Genesis 50:14	And Joseph returned into Egypt, he, and his brethren, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father.
Genesis 50:24	And Joseph said unto his brethren, I die: and God will surely visit you, and bring you out of this land unto the land which he sware to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob.
Exodus 1:8	Now there arose up a new king over Egypt, which knew not Joseph.
Exodus 1:18	And the king of Egypt called for the midwives, and said unto them, Why have ye done this thing, and have saved the men children alive?
Exodus 2:6	And when she had opened it, she saw the child: and, behold, the babe wept. And she had compassion on him, and said, This is one of the Hebrews' children.
Exodus 2:16	Now the priest of Midian had seven daughters: and they came and drew water, and filled the troughs to water their father's flock.
Exodus 3:1	Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb.
Exodus 3:11	And Moses said unto God, Who am I, that I should go unto Pharaoh, and that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt?
Exodus 3:21	And I will give this people favor in the sight of the Egyptians: and it shall come to pass, that, when ye go, ye shall not go empty.
Exodus 4:9	And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe also these two signs, neither hearken unto thy voice, that thou shalt take of the water of the river, and pour it upon the dry land: and the water which thou takest out of the river shall become blood upon the dry land.
Exodus 4:19	And the LORD said unto Moses in Midian, Go, return into Egypt: for all the men are dead which sought thy life.
Exodus 4:29	And Moses and Aaron went and gathered together all the elders of the children of Israel:
Exodus 5:8	And the tale of the bricks, which they did make heretofore, ye shall lay upon them; ye shall not diminish ought thereof: for they be idle; therefore they cry, saying, Let us go and sacrifice to our God.
Exodus 5:18	Go therefore now, and work; for there shall no straw be given you, yet shall ye deliver the tale of bricks.
Exodus 6:5	And I have also heard the groaning of the children of Israel, whom the Egyptians keep in bondage; and I have remembered my covenant.
Exodus 6:15	And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman: these are the families of Simeon.
Exodus 6:25	And Eleazar Aaron's son took him one of the daughters of Putiel to wife; and she bare him Phinehas: these are the heads of the fathers of the Levites according to their families.
Exodus 7:5	And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, when I stretch forth mine hand upon Egypt, and bring out the children of Israel from among them.
Exodus 7:15	Get thee unto Pharaoh in the morning; lo, he goeth out unto the water; and thou shalt stand by the river's brink against he come; and the rod which was turned to a serpent shalt thou take in thine hand.
Exodus 7:25	And seven days were fulfilled, after that the LORD had smitten the river.
Exodus 8:10	And he said, To morrow. And he said, Be it according to thy word: that thou mayest know that there is none like unto the LORD our God.
Exodus 8:20	And the LORD said unto Moses, Rise up early in the morning, and stand before Pharaoh; lo, he cometh forth to the water; and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people go, that they may serve me.
Exodus 8:30	And Moses went out from Pharaoh, and entreated the LORD.
Exodus 9:8	And the LORD said unto Moses and unto Aaron, Take to you handfuls of ashes of the furnace, and let Moses sprinkle it toward the heaven in the sight of Pharaoh.
Exodus 9:18	Behold, to morrow about this time I will cause it to rain a very grievous hail, such as hath not been in Egypt since the foundation thereof even until now.
Exodus 9:28	Entreat the LORD (for it is enough) that there be no more mighty thunderings and hail; and I will let you go, and ye shall stay no longer.
Exodus 10:3	And Moses and Aaron came in unto Pharaoh, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, How long wilt thou refuse to humble thyself before me? let my people go, that they may serve me.
Exodus 10:13	And Moses stretched forth his rod over the land of Egypt, and the LORD brought an east wind upon the land all that day, and all that night; and when it was morning, the east wind brought the locusts.
Exodus 10:23	They saw not one another, neither rose any from his place for three days: but all the children of Israel had light in their dwellings.
Exodus 11:4	And Moses said, Thus saith the LORD, About midnight will I go out into the midst of Egypt:
Exodus 12:4	And if the household be too little for the lamb, let him and his neighbor next unto his house take it according to the number of the souls; every man according to his eating shall make your count for the lamb.
Exodus 12:14	And this day shall be unto you for a memorial; and ye shall keep it a feast to the LORD throughout your generations; ye shall keep it a feast by an ordinance for ever.
Exodus 12:24	And ye shall observe this thing for an ordinance to thee and to thy sons for ever.
Exodus 12:34	And the people took their dough before it was leavened, their kneadingtroughs being bound up in their clothes upon their shoulders.
Exodus 12:44	But every man's servant that is bought for money, when thou hast circumcised him, then shall he eat thereof.
Exodus 13:3	And Moses said unto the people, Remember this day, in which ye came out from Egypt, out of the house of bondage; for by strength of hand the LORD brought you out from this place: there shall no leavened bread be eaten.
Exodus 13:13	And every firstling of an ass thou shalt redeem with a lamb; and if thou wilt not redeem it, then thou shalt break his neck: and all the firstborn of man among thy children shalt thou redeem.
Exodus 14:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 14:11	And they said unto Moses, Because there were no graves in Egypt, hast thou taken us away to die in the wilderness? wherefore hast thou dealt thus with us, to carry us forth out of Egypt?
Exodus 14:21	And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea; and the LORD caused the sea to go back by a strong east wind all that night, and made the sea dry land, and the waters were divided.
Exodus 14:31	And Israel saw that great work which the LORD did upon the Egyptians: and the people feared the LORD, and believed the LORD, and his servant Moses.
Exodus 15:10	Thou didst blow with thy wind, the sea covered them: they sank as lead in the mighty waters.
Exodus 15:20	And Miriam the prophetess, the sister of Aaron, took a timbrel in her hand; and all the women went out after her with timbrels and with dances.
Exodus 16:3	And the children of Israel said unto them, Would to God we had died by the hand of the LORD in the land of Egypt, when we sat by the flesh pots, and when we did eat bread to the full; for ye have brought us forth into this wilderness, to kill this whole assembly with hunger.
Exodus 16:13	And it came to pass, that at even the quails came up, and covered the camp: and in the morning the dew lay round about the host.
Exodus 16:23	And he said unto them, This is that which the LORD hath said, To morrow is the rest of the holy sabbath unto the LORD: bake that which ye will bake to day, and seethe that ye will seethe; and that which remaineth over lay up for you to be kept until the morning.
Exodus 16:33	And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a pot, and put an omer full of manna therein, and lay it up before the LORD, to be kept for your generations.
Exodus 17:7	And he called the name of the place Massah, and Meribah, because of the chiding of the children of Israel, and because they tempted the LORD, saying, Is the LORD among us, or not?
Exodus 18:1	When Jethro, the priest of Midian, Moses' father in law, heard of all that God had done for Moses, and for Israel his people, and that the LORD had brought Israel out of Egypt;
Exodus 18:11	Now I know that the LORD is greater than all gods: for in the thing wherein they dealt proudly he was above them.
Exodus 18:21	Moreover thou shalt provide out of all the people able men, such as fear God, men of truth, hating covetousness; and place such over them, to be rulers of thousands, and rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens:
Exodus 19:4	Ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians, and how I bare you on eagles' wings, and brought you unto myself.
Exodus 19:14	And Moses went down from the mount unto the people, and sanctified the people; and they washed their clothes.
Exodus 19:24	And the LORD said unto him, Away, get thee down, and thou shalt come up, thou, and Aaron with thee: but let not the priests and the people break through to come up unto the LORD, lest he break forth upon them.
Exodus 20:9	Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work:
Exodus 20:19	And they said unto Moses, Speak thou with us, and we will hear: but let not God speak with us, lest we die.
Exodus 21:3	If he came in by himself, he shall go out by himself: if he were married, then his wife shall go out with him.
Exodus 21:13	And if a man lie not in wait, but God deliver him into his hand; then I will appoint thee a place whither he shall flee.
Exodus 21:23	And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life,
Exodus 21:33	And if a man shall open a pit, or if a man shall dig a pit, and not cover it, and an ox or an ass fall therein;
Exodus 22:7	If a man shall deliver unto his neighbor money or stuff to keep, and it be stolen out of the man's house; if the thief be found, let him pay double.
Exodus 22:17	If her father utterly refuse to give her unto him, he shall pay money according to the dowry of virgins.
Exodus 22:27	For that is his covering only, it is his raiment for his skin: wherein shall he sleep? and it shall come to pass, when he crieth unto me, that I will hear; for I am gracious.
Exodus 23:6	Thou shalt not wrest the judgment of thy poor in his cause.
Exodus 23:16	And the feast of harvest, the firstfruits of thy labors, which thou hast sown in the field: and the feast of ingathering, which is in the end of the year, when thou hast gathered in thy labors out of the field.
Exodus 23:26	There shall nothing cast their young, nor be barren, in thy land: the number of thy days I will fulfil.
Exodus 24:3	And Moses came and told the people all the words of the LORD, and all the judgments: and all the people answered with one voice, and said, All the words which the LORD hath said will we do.
Exodus 24:13	And Moses rose up, and his minister Joshua: and Moses went up into the mount of God.
Exodus 25:5	And rams' skins dyed red, and badgers' skins, and shittim wood,
Exodus 25:15	The staves shall be in the rings of the ark: they shall not be taken from it.
Exodus 25:25	And thou shalt make unto it a border of an hand breadth round about, and thou shalt make a golden crown to the border thereof round about.
Exodus 25:35	And there shall be a knop under two branches of the same, and a knop under two branches of the same, and a knop under two branches of the same, according to the six branches that proceed out of the candlestick.
Exodus 26:5	Fifty loops shalt thou make in the one curtain, and fifty loops shalt thou make in the edge of the curtain that is in the coupling of the second; that the loops may take hold one of another.
Exodus 26:15	And thou shalt make boards for the tabernacle of shittim wood standing up.
Exodus 26:25	And they shall be eight boards, and their sockets of silver, sixteen sockets; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board.
Exodus 26:35	And thou shalt set the table without the vail, and the candlestick over against the table on the side of the tabernacle toward the south: and thou shalt put the table on the north side.
Exodus 27:8	Hollow with boards shalt thou make it: as it was showed thee in the mount, so shall they make it.
Exodus 27:18	The length of the court shall be an hundred cubits, and the breadth fifty every where, and the height five cubits of fine twined linen, and their sockets of brass.
Exodus 28:7	It shall have the two shoulderpieces thereof joined at the two edges thereof; and so it shall be joined together.
Exodus 28:17	And thou shalt set in it settings of stones, even four rows of stones: the first row shall be a sardius, a topaz, and a carbuncle: this shall be the first row.
Exodus 28:27	And two other rings of gold thou shalt make, and shalt put them on the two sides of the ephod underneath, toward the forepart thereof, over against the other coupling thereof, above the curious girdle of the ephod.
Exodus 28:37	And thou shalt put it on a blue lace, that it may be upon the mitre; upon the forefront of the mitre it shall be.
Exodus 29:4	And Aaron and his sons thou shalt bring unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and shalt wash them with water.
Exodus 29:14	But the flesh of the bullock, and his skin, and his dung, shalt thou burn with fire without the camp: it is a sin offering.
Exodus 29:24	And thou shalt put all in the hands of Aaron, and in the hands of his sons; and shalt wave them for a wave offering before the LORD.
Exodus 29:34	And if ought of the flesh of the consecrations, or of the bread, remain unto the morning, then thou shalt burn the remainder with fire: it shall not be eaten, because it is holy.
Exodus 29:44	And I will sanctify the tabernacle of the congregation, and the altar: I will sanctify also both Aaron and his sons, to minister to me in the priest's office.
Exodus 30:8	And when Aaron lighteth the lamps at even, he shall burn incense upon it, a perpetual incense before the LORD throughout your generations.
Exodus 30:18	Thou shalt also make a laver of brass, and his foot also of brass, to wash withal: and thou shalt put it between the tabernacle of the congregation and the altar, and thou shalt put water therein.
Exodus 30:28	And the altar of burnt offering with all his vessels, and the laver and his foot.
Exodus 30:38	Whosoever shall make like unto that, to smell thereto, shall even be cut off from his people.
Exodus 31:10	And the cloths of service, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office,
Exodus 32:2	And Aaron said unto them, Break off the golden earrings, which are in the ears of your wives, of your sons, and of your daughters, and bring them unto me.
Exodus 32:12	Wherefore should the Egyptians speak, and say, For mischief did he bring them out, to slay them in the mountains, and to consume them from the face of the earth? Turn from thy fierce wrath, and repent of this evil against thy people.
Exodus 32:22	And Aaron said, Let not the anger of my lord wax hot: thou knowest the people, that they are set on mischief.
Exodus 32:32	Yet now, if thou wilt forgive their sin--; and if not, blot me, I pray thee, out of thy book which thou hast written.
Exodus 33:7	And Moses took the tabernacle, and pitched it without the camp, afar off from the camp, and called it the Tabernacle of the congregation. And it came to pass, that every one which sought the LORD went out unto the tabernacle of the congregation, which was without the camp.
Exodus 33:17	And the LORD said unto Moses, I will do this thing also that thou hast spoken: for thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name.
Exodus 34:4	And he hewed two tables of stone like unto the first; and Moses rose up early in the morning, and went up unto mount Sinai, as the LORD had commanded him, and took in his hand the two tables of stone.
Exodus 34:14	For thou shalt worship no other god: for the LORD, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God:
Exodus 34:24	For I will cast out the nations before thee, and enlarge thy borders: neither shall any man desire thy land, when thou shalt go up to appear before the LORD thy God thrice in the year.
Exodus 34:34	But when Moses went in before the LORD to speak with him, he took the vail off, until he came out. And he came out, and spake unto the children of Israel that which he was commanded.
Exodus 35:9	And onyx stones, and stones to be set for the ephod, and for the breastplate.
Exodus 35:19	The cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office.
Exodus 35:29	The children of Israel brought a willing offering unto the LORD, every man and woman, whose heart made them willing to bring for all manner of work, which the LORD had commanded to be made by the hand of Moses.
Exodus 36:4	And all the wise men, that wrought all the work of the sanctuary, came every man from his work which they made;
Exodus 36:14	And he made curtains of goats' hair for the tent over the tabernacle: eleven curtains he made them.
Exodus 36:24	And forty sockets of silver he made under the twenty boards; two sockets under one board for his two tenons, and two sockets under another board for his two tenons.
Exodus 36:34	And he overlaid the boards with gold, and made their rings of gold to be places for the bars, and overlaid the bars with gold.
Exodus 37:6	And he made the mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a half was the length thereof, and one cubit and a half the breadth thereof.
Exodus 37:16	And he made the vessels which were upon the table, his dishes, and his spoons, and his bowls, and his covers to cover withal, of pure gold.
Exodus 37:26	And he overlaid it with pure gold, both the top of it, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns of it: also he made unto it a crown of gold round about.
Exodus 38:7	And he put the staves into the rings on the sides of the altar, to bear it withal; he made the altar hollow with boards.
Exodus 38:17	And the sockets for the pillars were of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver; and the overlaying of their chapiters of silver; and all the pillars of the court were filleted with silver.
Exodus 38:27	And of the hundred talents of silver were cast the sockets of the sanctuary, and the sockets of the vail; an hundred sockets of the hundred talents, a talent for a socket.
Exodus 39:6	And they wrought onyx stones inclosed in ouches of gold, graven, as signets are graven, with the names of the children of Israel.
Exodus 39:16	And they made two ouches of gold, and two gold rings; and put the two rings in the two ends of the breastplate.
Exodus 39:26	A bell and a pomegranate, a bell and a pomegranate, round about the hem of the robe to minister in; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:36	The table, and all the vessels thereof, and the showbread,
Exodus 40:3	And thou shalt put therein the ark of the testimony, and cover the ark with the vail.
Exodus 40:13	And thou shalt put upon Aaron the holy garments, and anoint him, and sanctify him; that he may minister unto me in the priest's office.
Exodus 40:23	And he set the bread in order upon it before the LORD; as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Exodus 40:33	And he reared up the court round about the tabernacle and the altar, and set up the hanging of the court gate. So Moses finished the work.
Leviticus 1:5	And he shall kill the bullock before the LORD: and the priests, Aaron's sons, shall bring the blood, and sprinkle the blood round about upon the altar that is by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Leviticus 1:15	And the priest shall bring it unto the altar, and wring off his head, and burn it on the altar; and the blood thereof shall be wrung out at the side of the altar:
Leviticus 2:8	And thou shalt bring the meat offering that is made of these things unto the LORD: and when it is presented unto the priest, he shall bring it unto the altar.
Leviticus 3:2	And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering, and kill it at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron's sons the priests shall sprinkle the blood upon the altar round about.
Leviticus 3:12	And if his offering be a goat, then he shall offer it before the LORD.
Leviticus 4:5	And the priest that is anointed shall take of the bullock's blood, and bring it to the tabernacle of the congregation:
Leviticus 4:15	And the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands upon the head of the bullock before the LORD: and the bullock shall be killed before the LORD.
Leviticus 4:25	And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out his blood at the bottom of the altar of burnt offering.
Leviticus 4:35	And he shall take away all the fat thereof, as the fat of the lamb is taken away from the sacrifice of the peace offerings; and the priest shall burn them upon the altar, according to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD: and the priest shall make an atonement for his sin that he hath committed, and it shall be forgiven him.
Leviticus 5:10	And he shall offer the second for a burnt offering, according to the manner: and the priest shall make an atonement for him for his sin which he hath sinned, and it shall be forgiven him.
Leviticus 6:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 6:11	And he shall put off his garments, and put on other garments, and carry forth the ashes without the camp unto a clean place.
Leviticus 6:21	In a pan it shall be made with oil; and when it is baked, thou shalt bring it in: and the baked pieces of the meat offering shalt thou offer for a sweet savor unto the LORD.
Leviticus 7:1	Likewise this is the law of the trespass offering: it is most holy.
Leviticus 7:11	And this is the law of the sacrifice of peace offerings, which he shall offer unto the LORD.
Leviticus 7:21	Moreover the soul that shall touch any unclean thing, as the uncleanness of man, or any unclean beast, or any abominable unclean thing, and eat of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings, which pertain unto the LORD, even that soul shall be cut off from his people.
Leviticus 7:31	And the priest shall burn the fat upon the altar: but the breast shall be Aaron's and his sons'.
Leviticus 8:3	And gather thou all the congregation together unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Leviticus 8:13	And Moses brought Aaron's sons, and put coats upon them, and girded them with girdles, and put bonnets upon them; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Leviticus 8:23	And he slew it; and Moses took of the blood of it, and put it upon the tip of Aaron's right ear, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot.
Leviticus 8:33	And ye shall not go out of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation in seven days, until the days of your consecration be at an end: for seven days shall he consecrate you.
Leviticus 9:7	And Moses said unto Aaron, Go unto the altar, and offer thy sin offering, and thy burnt offering, and make an atonement for thyself, and for the people: and offer the offering of the people, and make an atonement for them; as the LORD commanded.
Leviticus 9:17	And he brought the meat offering, and took an handful thereof, and burnt it upon the altar, beside the burnt sacrifice of the morning.
Leviticus 10:3	Then Moses said unto Aaron, This is it that the LORD spake, saying, I will be sanctified in them that come nigh me, and before all the people I will be glorified. And Aaron held his peace.
Leviticus 10:13	And ye shall eat it in the holy place, because it is thy due, and thy sons' due, of the sacrifices of the LORD made by fire: for so I am commanded.
Leviticus 11:3	Whatsoever parteth the hoof, and is cloven-footed, and cheweth the cud, among the beasts, that shall ye eat.
Leviticus 11:13	And these are they which ye shall have in abomination among the fowls; they shall not be eaten, they are an abomination: the eagle, and the ossifrage, and the ospray,
Leviticus 11:23	But all other flying creeping things, which have four feet, shall be an abomination unto you.
Leviticus 11:33	And every earthen vessel, whereinto any of them falleth, whatsoever is in it shall be unclean; and ye shall break it.
Leviticus 11:43	Ye shall not make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing that creepeth, neither shall ye make yourselves unclean with them, that ye should be defiled thereby.
Leviticus 12:6	And when the days of her purifying are fulfilled, for a son, or for a daughter, she shall bring a lamb of the first year for a burnt offering, and a young pigeon, or a turtledove, for a sin offering, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, unto the priest:
Leviticus 13:8	And if the priest see that, behold, the scab spreadeth in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a leprosy.
Leviticus 13:18	The flesh also, in which, even in the skin thereof, was a boil, and is healed,
Leviticus 13:28	And if the bright spot stay in his place, and spread not in the skin, but it be somewhat dark; it is a rising of the burning, and the priest shall pronounce him clean: for it is an inflammation of the burning.
Leviticus 13:38	If a man also or a woman have in the skin of their flesh bright spots, even white bright spots;
Leviticus 13:48	Whether it be in the warp, or woof; of linen, or of woolen; whether in a skin, or in any thing made of skin;
Leviticus 13:58	And the garment, either warp, or woof, or whatsoever thing of skin it be, which thou shalt wash, if the plague be departed from them, then it shall be washed the second time, and shall be clean.
Leviticus 14:9	But it shall be on the seventh day, that he shall shave all his hair off his head and his beard and his eyebrows, even all his hair he shall shave off: and he shall wash his clothes, also he shall wash his flesh in water, and he shall be clean.
Leviticus 14:19	And the priest shall offer the sin offering, and make an atonement for him that is to be cleansed from his uncleanness; and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering:
Leviticus 14:29	And the rest of the oil that is in the priest's hand he shall put upon the head of him that is to be cleansed, to make an atonement for him before the LORD.
Leviticus 14:39	And the priest shall come again the seventh day, and shall look: and, behold, if the plague be spread in the walls of the house;
Leviticus 14:49	And he shall take to cleanse the house two birds, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop:
Leviticus 15:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When any man hath a running issue out of his flesh, because of his issue he is unclean.
Leviticus 15:12	And the vessel of earth, that he toucheth which hath the issue, shall be broken: and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water.
Leviticus 15:22	And whosoever toucheth any thing that she sat upon shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 15:32	This is the law of him that hath an issue, and of him whose seed goeth from him, and is defiled therewith;
Leviticus 16:9	And Aaron shall bring the goat upon which the LORD's lot fell, and offer him for a sin offering.
Leviticus 16:19	And he shall sprinkle of the blood upon it with his finger seven times, and cleanse it, and hallow it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel.
Leviticus 16:29	And this shall be a statute for ever unto you: that in the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, ye shall afflict your souls, and do no work at all, whether it be one of your own country, or a stranger that sojourneth among you:
Leviticus 17:5	To the end that the children of Israel may bring their sacrifices, which they offer in the open field, even that they may bring them unto the LORD, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, unto the priest, and offer them for peace offerings unto the LORD.
Leviticus 17:15	And every soul that eateth that which died of itself, or that which was torn with beasts, whether it be one of your own country, or a stranger, he shall both wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even: then shall he be clean.
Leviticus 18:9	The nakedness of thy sister, the daughter of thy father, or daughter of thy mother, whether she be born at home, or born abroad, even their nakedness thou shalt not uncover.
Leviticus 18:19	Also thou shalt not approach unto a woman to uncover her nakedness, as long as she is put apart for her uncleanness.
Leviticus 18:29	For whosoever shall commit any of these abominations, even the souls that commit them shall be cut off from among their people.
Leviticus 19:9	And when ye reap the harvest of your land, thou shalt not wholly reap the corners of thy field, neither shalt thou gather the gleanings of thy harvest.
Leviticus 19:19	Ye shall keep my statutes. Thou shalt not let thy cattle gender with a diverse kind: thou shalt not sow thy field with mingled seed: neither shall a garment mingled of linen and woolen come upon thee.
Leviticus 19:29	Do not prostitute thy daughter, to cause her to be a whore; lest the land fall to whoredom, and the land become full of wickedness.
Leviticus 20:2	Again, thou shalt say to the children of Israel, Whosoever he be of the children of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn in Israel, that giveth any of his seed unto Molech; he shall surely be put to death: the people of the land shall stone him with stones.
Leviticus 20:12	And if a man lie with his daughter in law, both of them shall surely be put to death: they have wrought confusion; their blood shall be upon them.
Leviticus 20:22	Ye shall therefore keep all my statutes, and all my judgments, and do them: that the land, whither I bring you to dwell therein, spue you not out.
Leviticus 21:5	They shall not make baldness upon their head, neither shall they shave off the corner of their beard, nor make any cuttings in their flesh.
Leviticus 21:15	Neither shall he profane his seed among his people: for I the LORD do sanctify him.
Leviticus 22:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 22:11	But if the priest buy any soul with his money, he shall eat of it, and he that is born in his house: they shall eat of his meat.
Leviticus 22:21	And whosoever offereth a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD to accomplish his vow, or a freewill offering in beeves or sheep, it shall be perfect to be accepted; there shall be no blemish therein.
Leviticus 22:31	Therefore shall ye keep my commandments, and do them: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 23:8	But ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD seven days: in the seventh day is an holy convocation: ye shall do no servile work therein.
Leviticus 23:18	And ye shall offer with the bread seven lambs without blemish of the first year, and one young bullock, and two rams: they shall be for a burnt offering unto the LORD, with their meat offering, and their drink offerings, even an offering made by fire, of sweet savor unto the LORD.
Leviticus 23:28	And ye shall do no work in that same day: for it is a day of atonement, to make an atonement for you before the LORD your God.
Leviticus 23:38	Beside the sabbaths of the LORD, and beside your gifts, and beside all your vows, and beside all your freewill offerings, which ye give unto the LORD.
Leviticus 24:4	He shall order the lamps upon the pure candlestick before the LORD continually.
Leviticus 24:14	Bring forth him that hath cursed without the camp; and let all that heard him lay their hands upon his head, and let all the congregation stone him.
Leviticus 25:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses in mount Sinai, saying,
Leviticus 25:11	A jubilee shall that fiftieth year be unto you: ye shall not sow, neither reap that which groweth of itself in it, nor gather the grapes in it of thy vine undressed.
Leviticus 25:21	Then I will command my blessing upon you in the sixth year, and it shall bring forth fruit for three years.
Leviticus 25:31	But the houses of the villages which have no wall round about them shall be counted as the fields of the country: they may be redeemed, and they shall go out in the jubilee.
Leviticus 25:41	And then shall he depart from thee, both he and his children with him, and shall return unto his own family, and unto the possession of his fathers shall he return.
Leviticus 25:51	If there be yet many years behind, according unto them he shall give again the price of his redemption out of the money that he was bought for.
Leviticus 26:6	And I will give peace in the land, and ye shall lie down, and none shall make you afraid: and I will rid evil beasts out of the land, neither shall the sword go through your land.
Leviticus 26:16	I also will do this unto you; I will even appoint over you terror, consumption, and the burning ague, that shall consume the eyes, and cause sorrow of heart: and ye shall sow your seed in vain, for your enemies shall eat it.
Leviticus 26:26	And when I have broken the staff of your bread, ten women shall bake your bread in one oven, and they shall deliver you your bread again by weight: and ye shall eat, and not be satisfied.
Leviticus 26:36	And upon them that are left alive of you I will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies; and the sound of a shaken leaf shall chase them; and they shall flee, as fleeing from a sword; and they shall fall when none pursueth.
Leviticus 26:46	These are the statutes and judgments and laws, which the LORD made between him and the children of Israel in mount Sinai by the hand of Moses.
Leviticus 27:10	He shall not alter it, nor change it, a good for a bad, or a bad for a good: and if he shall at all change beast for beast, then it and the exchange thereof shall be holy.
Leviticus 27:20	And if he will not redeem the field, or if he have sold the field to another man, it shall not be redeemed any more.
Leviticus 27:30	And all the tithe of the land, whether of the seed of the land, or of the fruit of the tree, is the LORD's: it is holy unto the LORD.
Numbers 1:6	Of Simeon; Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.
Numbers 1:16	These were the renowned of the congregation, princes of the tribes of their fathers, heads of thousands in Israel.
Numbers 1:26	Of the children of Judah, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Numbers 1:36	Of the children of Benjamin, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Numbers 1:46	Even all they that were numbered were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty.
Numbers 2:2	Every man of the children of Israel shall pitch by his own standard, with the ensign of their father's house: far off about the tabernacle of the congregation shall they pitch.
Numbers 2:12	And those which pitch by him shall be the tribe of Simeon: and the captain of the children of Simeon shall be Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.
Numbers 2:22	Then the tribe of Benjamin: and the captain of the sons of Benjamin shall be Abidan the son of Gideoni.
Numbers 2:32	These are those which were numbered of the children of Israel by the house of their fathers: all those that were numbered of the camps throughout their hosts were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty.
Numbers 3:8	And they shall keep all the instruments of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the charge of the children of Israel, to do the service of the tabernacle.
Numbers 3:18	And these are the names of the sons of Gershon by their families; Libni, and Shimei.
Numbers 3:28	In the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, were eight thousand and six hundred, keeping the charge of the sanctuary.
Numbers 3:38	But those that encamp before the tabernacle toward the east, even before the tabernacle of the congregation eastward, shall be Moses, and Aaron and his sons, keeping the charge of the sanctuary for the charge of the children of Israel; and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death.
Numbers 3:48	And thou shalt give the money, wherewith the odd number of them is to be redeemed, unto Aaron and to his sons.
Numbers 4:7	And upon the table of showbread they shall spread a cloth of blue, and put thereon the dishes, and the spoons, and the bowls, and covers to cover withal: and the continual bread shall be thereon:
Numbers 4:17	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying,
Numbers 4:27	At the appointment of Aaron and his sons shall be all the service of the sons of the Gershonites, in all their burdens, and in all their service: and ye shall appoint unto them in charge all their burdens.
Numbers 4:37	These were they that were numbered of the families of the Kohathites, all that might do service in the tabernacle of the congregation, which Moses and Aaron did number according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses.
Numbers 4:47	From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that came to do the service of the ministry, and the service of the burden in the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 5:8	But if the man have no kinsman to recompense the trespass unto, let the trespass be recompensed unto the LORD, even to the priest; beside the ram of the atonement, whereby an atonement shall be made for him.
Numbers 5:18	And the priest shall set the woman before the LORD, and uncover the woman's head, and put the offering of memorial in her hands, which is the jealousy offering: and the priest shall have in his hand the bitter water that causeth the curse:
Numbers 5:28	And if the woman be not defiled, but be clean; then she shall be free, and shall conceive seed.
Numbers 6:7	He shall not make himself unclean for his father, or for his mother, for his brother, or for his sister, when they die: because the consecration of his God is upon his head.
Numbers 6:17	And he shall offer the ram for a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD, with the basket of unleavened bread: the priest shall offer also his meat offering, and his drink offering.
Numbers 6:27	And they shall put my name upon the children of Israel, and I will bless them.
Numbers 7:10	And the princes offered for dedicating of the altar in the day that it was anointed, even the princes offered their offering before the altar.
Numbers 7:20	One spoon of gold of ten shekels, full of incense:
Numbers 7:30	On the fourth day Elizur the son of Shedeur, prince of the children of Reuben, did offer:
Numbers 7:40	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Numbers 7:50	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Numbers 7:60	On the ninth day Abidan the son of Gideoni, prince of the children of Benjamin, offered:
Numbers 7:70	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Numbers 7:80	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Numbers 8:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 8:11	And Aaron shall offer the Levites before the LORD for an offering of the children of Israel, that they may execute the service of the LORD.
Numbers 8:21	And the Levites were purified, and they washed their clothes; and Aaron offered them as an offering before the LORD; and Aaron made an atonement for them to cleanse them.
Numbers 9:5	And they kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the first month at even in the wilderness of Sinai: according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did the children of Israel.
Numbers 9:15	And on the day that the tabernacle was reared up the cloud covered the tabernacle, namely, the tent of the testimony: and at even there was upon the tabernacle as it were the appearance of fire, until the morning.
Numbers 10:2	Make thee two trumpets of silver; of a whole piece shalt thou make them: that thou mayest use them for the calling of the assembly, and for the journeying of the camps.
Numbers 10:12	And the children of Israel took their journeys out of the wilderness of Sinai; and the cloud rested in the wilderness of Paran.
Numbers 10:22	And the standard of the camp of the children of Ephraim set forward according to their armies: and over his host was Elishama the son of Ammihud.
Numbers 10:32	And it shall be, if thou go with us, yea, it shall be, that what goodness the LORD shall do unto us, the same will we do unto thee.
Numbers 11:6	But now our soul is dried away: there is nothing at all, beside this manna, before our eyes.
Numbers 11:16	And the LORD said unto Moses, Gather unto me seventy men of the elders of Israel, whom thou knowest to be the elders of the people, and officers over them; and bring them unto the tabernacle of the congregation, that they may stand there with thee.
Numbers 11:26	But there remained two of the men in the camp, the name of the one was Eldad, and the name of the other Medad: and the spirit rested upon them; and they were of them that were written, but went not out unto the tabernacle: and they prophesied in the camp.
Numbers 12:1	And Miriam and Aaron spake against Moses because of the Ethiopian woman whom he had married: for he had married an Ethiopian woman.
Numbers 12:11	And Aaron said unto Moses, Alas, my lord, I beseech thee, lay not the sin upon us, wherein we have done foolishly, and wherein we have sinned.
Numbers 13:5	Of the tribe of Simeon, Shaphat the son of Hori.
Numbers 13:15	Of the tribe of Gad, Geuel the son of Machi.
Numbers 13:25	And they returned from searching of the land after forty days.
Numbers 14:2	And all the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron: and the whole congregation said unto them, Would God that we had died in the land of Egypt! or would God we had died in this wilderness!
Numbers 14:12	I will smite them with the pestilence, and disinherit them, and will make of thee a greater nation and mightier than they.
Numbers 14:22	Because all those men which have seen my glory, and my miracles, which I did in Egypt and in the wilderness, and have tempted me now these ten times, and have not hearkened to my voice;
Numbers 14:32	But as for you, your carcasses, they shall fall in this wilderness.
Numbers 14:42	Go not up, for the LORD is not among you; that ye be not smitten before your enemies.
Numbers 15:7	And for a drink offering thou shalt offer the third part of an hin of wine, for a sweet savor unto the LORD.
Numbers 15:17	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 15:27	And if any soul sin through ignorance, then he shall bring a she goat of the first year for a sin offering.
Numbers 15:37	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 16:6	This do; Take you censers, Korah, and all his company;
Numbers 16:16	And Moses said unto Korah, Be thou and all thy company before the LORD, thou, and they, and Aaron, to morrow:
Numbers 16:26	And he spake unto the congregation, saying, Depart, I pray you, from the tents of these wicked men, and touch nothing of theirs, lest ye be consumed in all their sins.
Numbers 16:36	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 16:46	And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a censer, and put fire therein from off the altar, and put on incense, and go quickly unto the congregation, and make an atonement for them: for there is wrath gone out from the LORD; the plague is begun.
Numbers 17:6	And Moses spake unto the children of Israel, and every one of their princes gave him a rod apiece, for each prince one, according to their fathers' houses, even twelve rods: and the rod of Aaron was among their rods.
Numbers 18:3	And they shall keep thy charge, and the charge of all the tabernacle: only they shall not come nigh the vessels of the sanctuary and the altar, that neither they, nor ye also, die.
Numbers 18:13	And whatsoever is first ripe in the land, which they shall bring unto the LORD, shall be thine; every one that is clean in thine house shall eat of it.
Numbers 18:23	But the Levites shall do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation, and they shall bear their iniquity: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations, that among the children of Israel they have no inheritance.
Numbers 19:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,
Numbers 19:11	He that toucheth the dead body of any man shall be unclean seven days.
Numbers 19:21	And it shall be a perpetual statute unto them, that he that sprinkleth the water of separation shall wash his clothes; and he that toucheth the water of separation shall be unclean until even.
Numbers 20:9	And Moses took the rod from before the LORD, as he commanded him.
Numbers 20:19	And the children of Israel said unto him, We will go by the high way: and if I and my cattle drink of thy water, then I will pay for it: I will only, without doing anything else, go through on my feet.
Numbers 20:29	And when all the congregation saw that Aaron was dead, they mourned for Aaron thirty days, even all the house of Israel.
Numbers 21:10	And the children of Israel set forward, and pitched in Oboth.
Numbers 21:20	And from Bamoth in the valley, that is in the country of Moab, to the top of Pisgah, which looketh toward Jeshimon.
Numbers 21:30	We have shot at them; Heshbon is perished even unto Dibon, and we have laid them waste even unto Nophah, which reacheth unto Medeba.
Numbers 22:5	He sent messengers therefore unto Balaam the son of Beor to Pethor, which is by the river of the land of the children of his people, to call him, saying, Behold, there is a people come out from Egypt: behold, they cover the face of the earth, and they abide over against me:
Numbers 22:15	And Balak sent yet again princes, more, and more honorable than they.
Numbers 22:25	And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD, she thrust herself unto the wall, and crushed Balaam's foot against the wall: and he smote her again.
Numbers 22:35	And the angel of the LORD said unto Balaam, Go with the men: but only the word that I shall speak unto thee, that thou shalt speak. So Balaam went with the princes of Balak.
Numbers 23:4	And God met Balaam: and he said unto him, I have prepared seven altars, and I have offered upon every altar a bullock and a ram.
Numbers 23:14	And he brought him into the field of Zophim, to the top of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered a bullock and a ram on every altar.
Numbers 23:24	Behold, the people shall rise up as a great lion, and lift up himself as a young lion: he shall not lie down until he eat of the prey, and drink the blood of the slain.
Numbers 24:4	He hath said, which heard the words of God, which saw the vision of the Almighty, falling into a trance, but having his eyes open:
Numbers 24:14	And now, behold, I go unto my people: come therefore, and I will advertise thee what this people shall do to thy people in the latter days.
Numbers 24:24	And ships shall come from the coast of Chittim, and shall afflict Asshur, and shall afflict Eber, and he also shall perish for ever.
Numbers 25:9	And those that died in the plague were twenty and four thousand.
Numbers 26:1	And it came to pass after the plague, that the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying,
Numbers 26:11	Notwithstanding the children of Korah died not.
Numbers 26:21	And the sons of Pharez were; of Hezron, the family of the Hezronites: of Hamul, the family of the Hamulites.
Numbers 26:31	And of Asriel, the family of the Asrielites: and of Shechem, the family of the Shechemites:
Numbers 26:41	These are the sons of Benjamin after their families: and they that were numbered of them were forty and five thousand and six hundred.
Numbers 26:51	These were the numbered of the children of Israel, six hundred thousand and a thousand seven hundred and thirty.
Numbers 26:61	And Nadab and Abihu died, when they offered strange fire before the LORD.
Numbers 27:6	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 27:16	Let the LORD, the God of the spirits of all flesh, set a man over the congregation,
Numbers 28:3	And thou shalt say unto them, This is the offering made by fire which ye shall offer unto the LORD; two lambs of the first year without spot day by day, for a continual burnt offering.
Numbers 28:13	And a several tenth deal of flour mingled with oil for a meat offering unto one lamb; for a burnt offering of a sweet savor, a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD.
Numbers 28:23	Ye shall offer these beside the burnt offering in the morning, which is for a continual burnt offering.
Numbers 29:2	And ye shall offer a burnt offering for a sweet savor unto the LORD; one young bullock, one ram, and seven lambs of the first year without blemish:
Numbers 29:12	And on the fifteenth day of the seventh month ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work, and ye shall keep a feast unto the LORD seven days:
Numbers 29:22	And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, and his meat offering, and his drink offering.
Numbers 29:32	And on the seventh day seven bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish:
Numbers 30:2	If a man vow a vow unto the LORD, or swear an oath to bind his soul with a bond; he shall not break his word, he shall do according to all that proceedeth out of his mouth.
Numbers 30:12	But if her husband hath utterly made them void on the day he heard them; then whatsoever proceeded out of her lips concerning her vows, or concerning the bond of her soul, shall not stand: her husband hath made them void; and the LORD shall forgive her.
Numbers 31:6	And Moses sent them to the war, a thousand of every tribe, them and Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest, to the war, with the holy instruments, and the trumpets to blow in his hand.
Numbers 31:16	Behold, these caused the children of Israel, through the counsel of Balaam, to commit trespass against the LORD in the matter of Peor, and there was a plague among the congregation of the LORD.
Numbers 31:26	Take the sum of the prey that was taken, both of man and of beast, thou, and Eleazar the priest, and the chief fathers of the congregation:
Numbers 31:36	And the half, which was the portion of them that went out to war, was in number three hundred thousand and seven and thirty thousand and five hundred sheep:
Numbers 31:46	And sixteen thousand persons;)
Numbers 32:2	The children of Gad and the children of Reuben came and spake unto Moses, and to Eleazar the priest, and unto the princes of the congregation, saying,
Numbers 32:12	Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite, and Joshua the son of Nun: for they have wholly followed the LORD.
Numbers 32:22	And the land be subdued before the LORD: then afterward ye shall return, and be guiltless before the LORD, and before Israel; and this land shall be your possession before the LORD.
Numbers 32:32	We will pass over armed before the LORD into the land of Canaan, that the possession of our inheritance on this side Jordan may be ours.
Numbers 32:42	And Nobah went and took Kenath, and the villages thereof, and called it Nobah, after his own name.
Numbers 33:10	And they removed from Elim, and encamped by the Red sea.
Numbers 33:20	And they departed from Rimmonparez, and pitched in Libnah.
Numbers 33:30	And they departed from Hashmonah, and encamped at Moseroth.
Numbers 33:40	And king Arad the Canaanite, which dwelt in the south in the land of Canaan, heard of the coming of the children of Israel.
Numbers 33:50	And the LORD spake unto Moses in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho, saying,
Numbers 34:4	And your border shall turn from the south to the ascent of Akrabbim, and pass on to Zin: and the going forth thereof shall be from the south to Kadeshbarnea, and shall go on to Hazaraddar, and pass on to Azmon:
Numbers 34:14	For the tribe of the children of Reuben according to the house of their fathers, and the tribe of the children of Gad according to the house of their fathers, have received their inheritance; and half the tribe of Manasseh have received their inheritance:
Numbers 34:24	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Ephraim, Kemuel the son of Shiphtan.
Numbers 35:5	And ye shall measure from without the city on the east side two thousand cubits, and on the south side two thousand cubits, and on the west side two thousand cubits, and on the north side two thousand cubits; and the city shall be in the midst: this shall be to them the suburbs of the cities.
Numbers 35:15	These six cities shall be a refuge, both for the children of Israel, and for the stranger, and for the sojourner among them: that every one that killeth any person unawares may flee thither.
Numbers 35:25	And the congregation shall deliver the slayer out of the hand of the revenger of blood, and the congregation shall restore him to the city of his refuge, whither he was fled: and he shall abide in it unto the death of the high priest, which was anointed with the holy oil.
Numbers 36:1	And the chief fathers of the families of the children of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh, of the families of the sons of Joseph, came near, and spake before Moses, and before the princes, the chief fathers of the children of Israel:
Numbers 36:11	For Mahlah, Tirzah, and Hoglah, and Milcah, and Noah, the daughters of Zelophehad, were married unto their father's brothers' sons:
Deuteronomy 1:8	Behold, I have set the land before you: go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give unto them and to their seed after them.
Deuteronomy 1:18	And I commanded you at that time all the things which ye should do.
Deuteronomy 1:28	Whither shall we go up? our brethren have discouraged our heart, saying, The people is greater and taller than we; the cities are great and walled up to heaven; and moreover we have seen the sons of the Anakims there.
Deuteronomy 1:38	But Joshua the son of Nun, which standeth before thee, he shall go in thither: encourage him: for he shall cause Israel to inherit it.
Deuteronomy 2:2	And the LORD spake unto me, saying,
Deuteronomy 2:12	The Horims also dwelt in Seir beforetime; but the children of Esau succeeded them, when they had destroyed them from before them, and dwelt in their stead; as Israel did unto the land of his possession, which the LORD gave unto them.
Deuteronomy 2:22	As he did to the children of Esau, which dwelt in Seir, when he destroyed the Horims from before them; and they succeeded them, and dwelt in their stead even unto this day:
Deuteronomy 2:32	Then Sihon came out against us, he and all his people, to fight at Jahaz.
Deuteronomy 3:5	All these cities were fenced with high walls, gates, and bars; beside unwalled towns a great many.
Deuteronomy 3:15	And I gave Gilead unto Machir.
Deuteronomy 3:25	I pray thee, let me go over, and see the good land that is beyond Jordan, that goodly mountain, and Lebanon.
Deuteronomy 4:6	Keep therefore and do them; for this is your wisdom and your understanding in the sight of the nations, which shall hear all these statutes, and say, Surely this great nation is a wise and understanding people.
Deuteronomy 4:16	Lest ye corrupt yourselves, and make you a graven image, the similitude of any figure, the likeness of male or female,
Deuteronomy 4:26	I call heaven and earth to witness against you this day, that ye shall soon utterly perish from off the land whereunto ye go over Jordan to possess it; ye shall not prolong your days upon it, but shall utterly be destroyed.
Deuteronomy 4:36	Out of heaven he made thee to hear his voice, that he might instruct thee: and upon earth he showed thee his great fire; and thou heardest his words out of the midst of the fire.
Deuteronomy 4:46	On this side Jordan, in the valley over against Bethpeor, in the land of Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwelt at Heshbon, whom Moses and the children of Israel smote, after they were come forth out of Egypt:
Deuteronomy 5:7	Thou shalt have none other gods before me.
Deuteronomy 5:17	Thou shalt not kill.
Deuteronomy 5:27	Go thou near, and hear all that the LORD our God shall say: and speak thou unto us all that the LORD our God shall speak unto thee; and we will hear it, and do it.
Deuteronomy 6:4	Hear, O Israel: The LORD our God is one LORD:
Deuteronomy 6:14	Ye shall not go after other gods, of the gods of the people which are round about you;
Deuteronomy 6:24	And the LORD commanded us to do all these statutes, to fear the LORD our God, for our good always, that he might preserve us alive, as it is at this day.
Deuteronomy 7:9	Know therefore that the LORD thy God, he is God, the faithful God, which keepeth covenant and mercy with them that love him and keep his commandments to a thousand generations;
Deuteronomy 7:19	The great temptations which thine eyes saw, and the signs, and the wonders, and the mighty hand, and the stretched out arm, whereby the LORD thy God brought thee out: so shall the LORD thy God do unto all the people of whom thou art afraid.
Deuteronomy 8:3	And he humbled thee, and suffered thee to hunger, and fed thee with manna, which thou knewest not, neither did thy fathers know; that he might make thee know that man doth not live by bread only, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of the LORD doth man live.
Deuteronomy 8:13	And when thy herds and thy flocks multiply, and thy silver and thy gold is multiplied, and all that thou hast is multiplied;
Deuteronomy 9:3	Understand therefore this day, that the LORD thy God is he which goeth over before thee; as a consuming fire he shall destroy them, and he shall bring them down before thy face: so shalt thou drive them out, and destroy them quickly, as the LORD hath said unto thee.
Deuteronomy 9:13	Furthermore the LORD spake unto me, saying, I have seen this people, and, behold, it is a stiffnecked people:
Deuteronomy 9:23	Likewise when the LORD sent you from Kadeshbarnea, saying, Go up and possess the land which I have given you; then ye rebelled against the commandment of the LORD your God, and ye believed him not, nor hearkened to his voice.
Deuteronomy 10:4	And he wrote on the tables, according to the first writing, the ten commandments, which the LORD spake unto you in the mount out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly: and the LORD gave them unto me.
Deuteronomy 10:14	Behold, the heaven and the heaven of heavens is the LORD's thy God, the earth also, with all that therein is.
Deuteronomy 11:2	And know ye this day: for I speak not with your children which have not known, and which have not seen the chastisement of the LORD your God, his greatness, his mighty hand, and his stretched out arm,
Deuteronomy 11:12	A land which the LORD thy God careth for: the eyes of the LORD thy God are always upon it, from the beginning of the year even unto the end of the year.
Deuteronomy 11:22	For if ye shall diligently keep all these commandments which I command you, to do them, to love the LORD your God, to walk in all his ways, and to cleave unto him;
Deuteronomy 11:32	And ye shall observe to do all the statutes and judgments which I set before you this day.
Deuteronomy 12:10	But when ye go over Jordan, and dwell in the land which the LORD your God giveth you to inherit, and when he giveth you rest from all your enemies round about, so that ye dwell in safety;
Deuteronomy 12:20	When the LORD thy God shall enlarge thy border, as he hath promised thee, and thou shalt say, I will eat flesh, because thy soul longeth to eat flesh; thou mayest eat flesh, whatsoever thy soul lusteth after.
Deuteronomy 12:30	Take heed to thyself that thou be not snared by following them, after that they be destroyed from before thee; and that thou inquire not after their gods, saying, How did these nations serve their gods? even so will I do likewise.
Deuteronomy 13:8	Thou shalt not consent unto him, nor hearken unto him; neither shall thine eye pity him, neither shalt thou spare, neither shalt thou conceal him:
Deuteronomy 13:18	When thou shalt hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, to keep all his commandments which I command thee this day, to do that which is right in the eyes of the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 14:10	And whatsoever hath not fins and scales ye may not eat; it is unclean unto you.
Deuteronomy 14:20	But of all clean fowls ye may eat.
Deuteronomy 15:1	At the end of every seven years thou shalt make a release.
Deuteronomy 15:11	For the poor shall never cease out of the land: therefore I command thee, saying, Thou shalt open thine hand wide unto thy brother, to thy poor, and to thy needy, in thy land.
Deuteronomy 15:21	And if there be any blemish therein, as if it be lame, or blind, or have any ill blemish, thou shalt not sacrifice it unto the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 16:8	Six days thou shalt eat unleavened bread: and on the seventh day shall be a solemn assembly to the LORD thy God: thou shalt do no work therein.
Deuteronomy 16:18	Judges and officers shalt thou make thee in all thy gates, which the LORD thy God giveth thee, throughout thy tribes: and they shall judge the people with just judgment.
Deuteronomy 17:6	At the mouth of two witnesses, or three witnesses, shall he that is worthy of death be put to death; but at the mouth of one witness he shall not be put to death.
Deuteronomy 17:16	But he shall not multiply horses to himself, nor cause the people to return to Egypt, to the end that he should multiply horses: forasmuch as the LORD hath said unto you, Ye shall henceforth return no more that way.
Deuteronomy 18:6	And if a Levite come from any of thy gates out of all Israel, where he sojourned, and come with all the desire of his mind unto the place which the LORD shall choose;
Deuteronomy 18:16	According to all that thou desiredst of the LORD thy God in Horeb in the day of the assembly, saying, Let me not hear again the voice of the LORD my God, neither let me see this great fire any more, that I die not.
Deuteronomy 19:4	And this is the case of the slayer, which shall flee thither, that he may live: Whoso killeth his neighbor ignorantly, whom he hated not in time past;
Deuteronomy 19:14	Thou shalt not remove thy neighbor's landmark, which they of old time have set in thine inheritance, which thou shalt inherit in the land that the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it.
Deuteronomy 20:3	And shall say unto them, Hear, O Israel, ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies: let not your hearts faint, fear not, and do not tremble, neither be ye terrified because of them;
Deuteronomy 20:13	And when the LORD thy God hath delivered it into thine hands, thou shalt smite every male thereof with the edge of the sword:
Deuteronomy 21:3	And it shall be, that the city which is next unto the slain man, even the elders of that city shall take an heifer, which hath not been wrought with, and which hath not drawn in the yoke;
Deuteronomy 21:13	And she shall put the raiment of her captivity from off her, and shall remain in thine house, and bewail her father and her mother a full month: and after that thou shalt go in unto her, and be her husband, and she shall be thy wife.
Deuteronomy 21:23	His body shall not remain all night upon the tree, but thou shalt in any wise bury him that day; (for he that is hanged is accursed of God;) that thy land be not defiled, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance.
Deuteronomy 22:10	Thou shalt not plow with an ox and an ass together.
Deuteronomy 22:20	But if this thing be true, and the tokens of virginity be not found for the damsel:
Deuteronomy 22:30	A man shall not take his father's wife, nor discover his father's skirt.
Deuteronomy 23:10	If there be among you any man, that is not clean by reason of uncleanness that chanceth him by night, then shall he go abroad out of the camp, he shall not come within the camp:
Deuteronomy 23:20	Unto a stranger thou mayest lend upon usury; but unto thy brother thou shalt not lend upon usury: that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all that thou settest thine hand to in the land whither thou goest to possess it.
Deuteronomy 24:5	When a man hath taken a new wife, he shall not go out to war, neither shall he be charged with any business: but he shall be free at home one year, and shall cheer up his wife which he hath taken.
Deuteronomy 24:15	At his day thou shalt give him his hire, neither shall the sun go down upon it; for he is poor, and setteth his heart upon it: lest he cry against thee unto the LORD, and it be sin unto thee.
Deuteronomy 25:3	Forty stripes he may give him, and not exceed: lest, if he should exceed, and beat him above these with many stripes, then thy brother should seem vile unto thee.
Deuteronomy 25:13	Thou shalt not have in thy bag divers weights, a great and a small.
Deuteronomy 26:4	And the priest shall take the basket out of thine hand, and set it down before the altar of the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 26:14	I have not eaten thereof in my mourning, neither have I taken away ought thereof for any unclean use, nor given ought thereof for the dead: but I have hearkened to the voice of the LORD my God, and have done according to all that thou hast commanded me.
Deuteronomy 27:5	And there shalt thou build an altar unto the LORD thy God, an altar of stones: thou shalt not lift up any iron tool upon them.
Deuteronomy 27:15	Cursed be the man that maketh any graven or molten image, an abomination unto the LORD, the work of the hands of the craftsman, and putteth it in a secret place. And all the people shall answer and say, Amen.
Deuteronomy 27:25	Cursed be he that taketh reward to slay an innocent person. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Deuteronomy 28:9	The LORD shall establish thee an holy people unto himself, as he hath sworn unto thee, if thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD thy God, and walk in his ways.
Deuteronomy 28:19	Cursed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and cursed shalt thou be when thou goest out.
Deuteronomy 28:29	And thou shalt grope at noonday, as the blind gropeth in darkness, and thou shalt not prosper in thy ways: and thou shalt be only oppressed and spoiled evermore, and no man shall save thee.
Deuteronomy 28:39	Thou shalt plant vineyards, and dress them, but shalt neither drink of the wine, nor gather the grapes; for the worms shall eat them.
Deuteronomy 28:49	The LORD shall bring a nation against thee from far, from the end of the earth, as swift as the eagle flieth; a nation whose tongue thou shalt not understand;
Deuteronomy 28:59	Then the LORD will make thy plagues wonderful, and the plagues of thy seed, even great plagues, and of long continuance, and sore sicknesses, and of long continuance.
Deuteronomy 29:1	These are the words of the covenant, which the LORD commanded Moses to make with the children of Israel in the land of Moab, beside the covenant which he made with them in Horeb.
Deuteronomy 29:11	Your little ones, your wives, and thy stranger that is in thy camp, from the hewer of thy wood unto the drawer of thy water:
Deuteronomy 29:21	And the LORD shall separate him unto evil out of all the tribes of Israel, according to all the curses of the covenant that are written in this book of the law:
Deuteronomy 30:2	And shalt return unto the LORD thy God, and shalt obey his voice according to all that I command thee this day, thou and thy children, with all thine heart, and with all thy soul;
Deuteronomy 30:12	It is not in heaven, that thou shouldest say, Who shall go up for us to heaven, and bring it unto us, that we may hear it, and do it?
Deuteronomy 31:2	And he said unto them, I am an hundred and twenty years old this day; I can no more go out and come in: also the LORD hath said unto me, Thou shalt not go over this Jordan.
Deuteronomy 31:12	Gather the people together, men and women, and children, and thy stranger that is within thy gates, that they may hear, and that they may learn, and fear the LORD your God, and observe to do all the words of this law:
Deuteronomy 31:22	Moses therefore wrote this song the same day, and taught it the children of Israel.
Deuteronomy 32:2	My doctrine shall drop as the rain, my speech shall distil as the dew, as the small rain upon the tender herb, and as the showers upon the grass:
Deuteronomy 32:12	So the LORD alone did lead him, and there was no strange god with him.
Deuteronomy 32:22	For a fire is kindled in mine anger, and shall burn unto the lowest hell, and shall consume the earth with her increase, and set on fire the foundations of the mountains.
Deuteronomy 32:32	For their vine is of the vine of Sodom, and of the fields of Gomorrah: their grapes are grapes of gall, their clusters are bitter:
Deuteronomy 32:42	I will make mine arrows drunk with blood, and my sword shall devour flesh; and that with the blood of the slain and of the captives, from the beginning of revenges upon the enemy.
Deuteronomy 32:52	Yet thou shalt see the land before thee; but thou shalt not go thither unto the land which I give the children of Israel.
Deuteronomy 33:10	They shall teach Jacob thy judgments, and Israel thy law: they shall put incense before thee, and whole burnt sacrifice upon thine altar.
Deuteronomy 33:20	And of Gad he said, Blessed be he that enlargeth Gad: he dwelleth as a lion, and teareth the arm with the crown of the head.
Deuteronomy 34:1	And Moses went up from the plains of Moab unto the mountain of Nebo, to the top of Pisgah, that is over against Jericho. And the LORD showed him all the land of Gilead, unto Dan,
Deuteronomy 34:11	In all the signs and the wonders, which the LORD sent him to do in the land of Egypt to Pharaoh, and to all his servants, and to all his land,
Joshua 1:9	Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the LORD thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.
Joshua 2:1	And Joshua the son of Nun sent out of Shittim two men to spy secretly, saying, Go view the land, even Jericho. And they went, and came into an harlot's house, named Rahab, and lodged there.
Joshua 2:11	And as soon as we had heard these things, our hearts did melt, neither did there remain any more courage in any man, because of you: for the LORD your God, he is God in heaven above, and in earth beneath.
Joshua 2:21	And she said, According unto your words, so be it. And she sent them away, and they departed: and she bound the scarlet line in the window.
Joshua 3:7	And the LORD said unto Joshua, This day will I begin to magnify thee in the sight of all Israel, that they may know that, as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee.
Joshua 3:17	And the priests that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD stood firm on dry ground in the midst of Jordan, and all the Israelites passed over on dry ground, until all the people were passed clean over Jordan.
Joshua 4:10	For the priests which bare the ark stood in the midst of Jordan, until everything was finished that the LORD commanded Joshua to speak unto the people, according to all that Moses commanded Joshua: and the people hasted and passed over.
Joshua 4:20	And those twelve stones, which they took out of Jordan, did Joshua pitch in Gilgal.
Joshua 5:6	For the children of Israel walked forty years in the wilderness, till all the people that were men of war, which came out of Egypt, were consumed, because they obeyed not the voice of the LORD: unto whom the LORD sware that he would not show them the land, which the LORD sware unto their fathers that he would give us, a land that floweth with milk and honey.
Joshua 6:1	Now Jericho was straitly shut up because of the children of Israel: none went out, and none came in.
Joshua 6:11	So the ark of the LORD compassed the city, going about it once: and they came into the camp, and lodged in the camp.
Joshua 6:21	And they utterly destroyed all that was in the city, both man and woman, young and old, and ox, and sheep, and ass, with the edge of the sword.
Joshua 7:4	So there went up thither of the people about three thousand men: and they fled before the men of Ai.
Joshua 7:14	In the morning therefore ye shall be brought according to your tribes: and it shall be, that the tribe which the LORD taketh shall come according to the families thereof; and the family which the LORD shall take shall come by households; and the household which the LORD shall take shall come man by man.
Joshua 7:24	And Joshua, and all Israel with him, took Achan the son of Zerah, and the silver, and the garment, and the wedge of gold, and his sons, and his daughters, and his oxen, and his asses, and his sheep, and his tent, and all that he had: and they brought them unto the valley of Achor.
Joshua 8:8	And it shall be, when ye have taken the city, that ye shall set the city on fire: according to the commandment of the LORD shall ye do. See, I have commanded you.
Joshua 8:18	And the LORD said unto Joshua, Stretch out the spear that is in thy hand toward Ai; for I will give it into thine hand. And Joshua stretched out the spear that he had in his hand toward the city.
Joshua 8:28	And Joshua burnt Ai, and made it an heap for ever, even a desolation unto this day.
Joshua 9:3	And when the inhabitants of Gibeon heard what Joshua had done unto Jericho and to Ai,
Joshua 9:13	And these bottles of wine, which we filled, were new; and, behold, they be rent: and these our garments and our shoes are become old by reason of the very long journey.
Joshua 9:23	Now therefore ye are cursed, and there shall none of you be freed from being bondmen, and hewers of wood and drawers of water for the house of my God.
Joshua 10:6	And the men of Gibeon sent unto Joshua to the camp to Gilgal, saying, Slack not thy hand from thy servants; come up to us quickly, and save us, and help us: for all the kings of the Amorites that dwell in the mountains are gathered together against us.
Joshua 10:16	But these five kings fled, and hid themselves in a cave at Makkedah.
Joshua 10:26	And afterward Joshua smote them, and slew them, and hanged them on five trees: and they were hanging upon the trees until the evening.
Joshua 10:36	And Joshua went up from Eglon, and all Israel with him, unto Hebron; and they fought against it:
Joshua 11:3	And to the Canaanite on the east and on the west, and to the Amorite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Jebusite in the mountains, and to the Hivite under Hermon in the land of Mizpeh.
Joshua 11:13	But as for the cities that stood still in their strength, Israel burned none of them, save Hazor only; that did Joshua burn.
Joshua 11:23	So Joshua took the whole land, according to all that the LORD said unto Moses; and Joshua gave it for an inheritance unto Israel according to their divisions by their tribes. And the land rested from war.
Joshua 12:10	The king of Jerusalem, one; the king of Hebron, one;
Joshua 12:20	The king of Shimronmeron, one; the king of Achshaph, one;
Joshua 13:6	All the inhabitants of the hill country from Lebanon unto Misrephothmaim, and all the Sidonians, them will I drive out from before the children of Israel: only divide thou it by lot unto the Israelites for an inheritance, as I have commanded thee.
Joshua 13:16	And their coast was from Aroer, that is on the bank of the river Arnon, and the city that is in the midst of the river, and all the plain by Medeba;
Joshua 13:26	And from Heshbon unto Ramathmizpeh, and Betonim; and from Mahanaim unto the border of Debir;
Joshua 14:3	For Moses had given the inheritance of two tribes and an half tribe on the other side Jordan: but unto the Levites he gave none inheritance among them.
Joshua 14:13	And Joshua blessed him, and gave unto Caleb the son of Jephunneh Hebron for an inheritance.
Joshua 15:8	And the border went up by the valley of the son of Hinnom unto the south side of the Jebusite; the same is Jerusalem: and the border went up to the top of the mountain that lieth before the valley of Hinnom westward, which is at the end of the valley of the giants northward:
Joshua 15:18	And it came to pass, as she came unto him, that she moved him to ask of her father a field: and she lighted off her ass; and Caleb said unto her, What wouldest thou?
Joshua 15:28	And Hazarshual, and Beersheba, and Bizjothjah,
Joshua 15:38	And Dilean, and Mizpeh, and Joktheel,
Joshua 15:48	And in the mountains, Shamir, and Jattir, and Socoh,
Joshua 15:58	Halhul, Bethzur, and Gedor,
Joshua 16:5	And the border of the children of Ephraim according to their families was thus: even the border of their inheritance on the east side was Atarothaddar, unto Bethhoron the upper;
Joshua 17:5	And there fell ten portions to Manasseh, beside the land of Gilead and Bashan, which were on the other side Jordan;
Joshua 17:15	And Joshua answered them, If thou be a great people, then get thee up to the wood country, and cut down for thyself there in the land of the Perizzites and of the giants, if mount Ephraim be too narrow for thee.
Joshua 18:7	But the Levites have no part among you; for the priesthood of the LORD is their inheritance: and Gad, and Reuben, and half the tribe of Manasseh, have received their inheritance beyond Jordan on the east, which Moses the servant of the LORD gave them.
Joshua 18:17	And was drawn from the north, and went forth to Enshemesh, and went forth toward Geliloth, which is over against the going up of Adummim, and descended to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben,
Joshua 18:27	And Rekem, and Irpeel, and Taralah,
Joshua 19:9	Out of the portion of the children of Judah was the inheritance of the children of Simeon: for the part of the children of Judah was too much for them: therefore the children of Simeon had their inheritance within the inheritance of them.
Joshua 19:19	And Haphraim, and Shihon, and Anaharath,
Joshua 19:29	And then the coast turneth to Ramah, and to the strong city Tyre; and the coast turneth to Hosah; and the outgoings thereof are at the sea from the coast to Achzib:
Joshua 19:39	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Naphtali according to their families, the cities and their villages.
Joshua 19:49	When they had made an end of dividing the land for inheritance by their coasts, the children of Israel gave an inheritance to Joshua the son of Nun among them:
Joshua 20:8	And on the other side Jordan by Jericho eastward, they assigned Bezer in the wilderness upon the plain out of the tribe of Reuben, and Ramoth in Gilead out of the tribe of Gad, and Golan in Bashan out of the tribe of Manasseh.
Joshua 21:9	And they gave out of the tribe of the children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, these cities which are here mentioned by name.
Joshua 21:19	All the cities of the children of Aaron, the priests, were thirteen cities with their suburbs.
Joshua 21:29	Jarmuth with her suburbs, Engannim with her suburbs; four cities.
Joshua 21:39	Heshbon with her suburbs, Jazer with her suburbs; four cities in all.
Joshua 22:4	And now the LORD your God hath given rest unto your brethren, as he promised them: therefore now return ye, and get you unto your tents, and unto the land of your possession, which Moses the servant of the LORD gave you on the other side Jordan.
Joshua 22:14	And with him ten princes, of each chief house a prince throughout all the tribes of Israel; and each one was an head of the house of their fathers among the thousands of Israel.
Joshua 22:24	And if we have not rather done it for fear of this thing, saying, In time to come your children might speak unto our children, saying, What have ye to do with the LORD God of Israel?
Joshua 22:34	And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad called the altar Ed: for it shall be a witness between us that the LORD is God.
Joshua 23:10	One man of you shall chase a thousand: for the LORD your God, he it is that fighteth for you, as he hath promised you.
Joshua 24:4	And I gave unto Isaac Jacob and Esau: and I gave unto Esau mount Seir, to possess it; but Jacob and his children went down into Egypt.
Joshua 24:14	Now therefore fear the LORD, and serve him in sincerity and in truth: and put away the gods which your fathers served on the other side of the flood, and in Egypt; and serve ye the LORD.
Joshua 24:24	And the people said unto Joshua, The LORD our God will we serve, and his voice will we obey.
Judges 1:1	Now after the death of Joshua it came to pass, that the children of Israel asked the LORD, saying, Who shall go up for us against the Canaanites first, to fight against them?
Judges 1:11	And from thence he went against the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of Debir before was Kirjathsepher:
Judges 1:21	And the children of Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites that inhabited Jerusalem; but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Benjamin in Jerusalem unto this day.
Judges 1:31	Neither did Asher drive out the inhabitants of Accho, nor the inhabitants of Zidon, nor of Ahlab, nor of Achzib, nor of Helbah, nor of Aphik, nor of Rehob:
Judges 2:5	And they called the name of that place Bochim: and they sacrificed there unto the LORD.
Judges 2:15	Whithersoever they went out, the hand of the LORD was against them for evil, as the LORD had said, and as the LORD had sworn unto them: and they were greatly distressed.
Judges 3:2	Only that the generations of the children of Israel might know, to teach them war, at the least such as before knew nothing thereof;
Judges 3:12	And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the LORD: and the LORD strengthened Eglon the king of Moab against Israel, because they had done evil in the sight of the LORD.
Judges 3:22	And the haft also went in after the blade; and the fat closed upon the blade, so that he could not draw the dagger out of his belly; and the dirt came out.
Judges 4:1	And the children of Israel again did evil in the sight of the LORD, when Ehud was dead.
Judges 4:11	Now Heber the Kenite, which was of the children of Hobab the father in law of Moses, had severed himself from the Kenites, and pitched his tent unto the plain of Zaanaim, which is by Kedesh.
Judges 4:21	Then Jael Heber's wife took a nail of the tent, and took an hammer in her hand, and went softly unto him, and smote the nail into his temples, and fastened it into the ground: for he was fast asleep and weary. So he died.
Judges 5:7	The inhabitants of the villages ceased, they ceased in Israel, until that I Deborah arose, that I arose a mother in Israel.
Judges 5:17	Gilead abode beyond Jordan: and why did Dan remain in ships? Asher continued on the sea shore, and abode in his breaches.
Judges 5:27	At her feet he bowed, he fell, he lay down: at her feet he bowed, he fell: where he bowed, there he fell down dead.
Judges 6:6	And Israel was greatly impoverished because of the Midianites; and the children of Israel cried unto the LORD.
Judges 6:16	And the LORD said unto him, Surely I will be with thee, and thou shalt smite the Midianites as one man.
Judges 6:26	And build an altar unto the LORD thy God upon the top of this rock, in the ordered place, and take the second bullock, and offer a burnt sacrifice with the wood of the grove which thou shalt cut down.
Judges 6:36	And Gideon said unto God, If thou wilt save Israel by mine hand, as thou hast said,
Judges 7:6	And the number of them that lapped, putting their hand to their mouth, were three hundred men: but all the rest of the people bowed down upon their knees to drink water.
Judges 7:16	And he divided the three hundred men into three companies, and he put a trumpet in every man's hand, with empty pitchers, and lamps within the pitchers.
Judges 8:1	And the men of Ephraim said unto him, Why hast thou served us thus, that thou calledst us not, when thou wentest to fight with the Midianites? And they did chide with him sharply.
Judges 8:11	And Gideon went up by the way of them that dwelt in tents on the east of Nobah and Jogbehah, and smote the host; for the host was secure.
Judges 8:21	Then Zebah and Zalmunna said, Rise thou, and fall upon us: for as the man is, so is his strength. And Gideon arose, and slew Zebah and Zalmunna, and took away the ornaments that were on their camels' necks.
Judges 8:31	And his concubine that was in Shechem, she also bare him a son, whose name he called Abimelech.
Judges 9:6	And all the men of Shechem gathered together, and all the house of Millo, and went, and made Abimelech king, by the plain of the pillar that was in Shechem.
Judges 9:16	Now therefore, if ye have done truly and sincerely, in that ye have made Abimelech king, and if ye have dealt well with Jerubbaal and his house, and have done unto him according to the deserving of his hands;
Judges 9:26	And Gaal the son of Ebed came with his brethren, and went over to Shechem: and the men of Shechem put their confidence in him.
Judges 9:36	And when Gaal saw the people, he said to Zebul, Behold, there come people down from the top of the mountains. And Zebul said unto him, Thou seest the shadow of the mountains as if they were men.
Judges 9:46	And when all the men of the tower of Shechem heard that, they entered into an hold of the house of the god Berith.
Judges 9:56	Thus God rendered the wickedness of Abimelech, which he did unto his father, in slaying his seventy brethren:
Judges 10:9	Moreover the children of Ammon passed over Jordan to fight also against Judah, and against Benjamin, and against the house of Ephraim; so that Israel was sore distressed.
Judges 11:1	Now Jephthah the Gileadite was a mighty man of valor, and he was the son of an harlot: and Gilead begat Jephthah.
Judges 11:11	Then Jephthah went with the elders of Gilead, and the people made him head and captain over them: and Jephthah uttered all his words before the LORD in Mizpeh.
Judges 11:21	And the LORD God of Israel delivered Sihon and all his people into the hand of Israel, and they smote them: so Israel possessed all the land of the Amorites, the inhabitants of that country.
Judges 11:31	Then it shall be, that whatsoever cometh forth of the doors of my house to meet me, when I return in peace from the children of Ammon, shall surely be the LORD's, and I will offer it up for a burnt offering.
Judges 12:1	And the men of Ephraim gathered themselves together, and went northward, and said unto Jephthah, Wherefore passedst thou over to fight against the children of Ammon, and didst not call us to go with thee? we will burn thine house upon thee with fire.
Judges 12:11	And after him Elon, a Zebulonite, judged Israel; and he judged Israel ten years.
Judges 13:6	Then the woman came and told her husband, saying, A man of God came unto me, and his countenance was like the countenance of an angel of God, very terrible: but I asked him not whence he was, neither told he me his name:
Judges 13:16	And the angel of the LORD said unto Manoah, Though thou detain me, I will not eat of thy bread: and if thou wilt offer a burnt offering, thou must offer it unto the LORD. For Manoah knew not that he was an angel of the LORD.
Judges 14:1	And Samson went down to Timnath, and saw a woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines.
Judges 14:11	And it came to pass, when they saw him, that they brought thirty companions to be with him.
Judges 15:1	But it came to pass within a while after, in the time of wheat harvest, that Samson visited his wife with a kid; and he said, I will go in to my wife into the chamber. But her father would not suffer him to go in.
Judges 15:11	Then three thousand men of Judah went to the top of the rock Etam, and said to Samson, Knowest thou not that the Philistines are rulers over us? what is this that thou hast done unto us? And he said unto them, As they did unto me, so have I done unto them.
Judges 16:1	Then went Samson to Gaza, and saw there an harlot, and went in unto her.
Judges 16:11	And he said unto her, If they bind me fast with new ropes that never were occupied, then shall I be weak, and be as another man.
Judges 16:21	But the Philistines took him, and put out his eyes, and brought him down to Gaza, and bound him with fetters of brass; and he did grind in the prison house.
Judges 16:31	Then his brethren and all the house of his father came down, and took him, and brought him up, and buried him between Zorah and Eshtaol in the buryingplace of Manoah his father. And he judged Israel twenty years.
Judges 17:10	And Micah said unto him, Dwell with me, and be unto me a father and a priest, and I will give thee ten shekels of silver by the year, and a suit of apparel, and thy victuals. So the Levite went in.
Judges 18:7	Then the five men departed, and came to Laish, and saw the people that were therein, how they dwelt careless, after the manner of the Zidonians, quiet and secure; and there was no magistrate in the land, that might put them to shame in any thing; and they were far from the Zidonians, and had no business with any man.
Judges 18:17	And the five men that went to spy out the land went up, and came in thither, and took the graven image, and the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image: and the priest stood in the entering of the gate with the six hundred men that were appointed with weapons of war.
Judges 18:27	And they took the things which Micah had made, and the priest which he had, and came unto Laish, unto a people that were at quiet and secure: and they smote them with the edge of the sword, and burnt the city with fire.
Judges 19:6	And they sat down, and did eat and drink both of them together: for the damsel's father had said unto the man, Be content, I pray thee, and tarry all night, and let thine heart be merry.
Judges 19:16	And, behold, there came an old man from his work out of the field at even, which was also of mount Ephraim; and he sojourned in Gibeah: but the men of the place were Benjamites.
Judges 19:26	Then came the woman in the dawning of the day, and fell down at the door of the man's house where her lord was, till it was light.
Judges 20:6	And I took my concubine, and cut her in pieces, and sent her throughout all the country of the inheritance of Israel: for they have committed lewdness and folly in Israel.
Judges 20:16	Among all this people there were seven hundred chosen men lefthanded; every one could sling stones at an hair breadth, and not miss.
Judges 20:26	Then all the children of Israel, and all the people, went up, and came unto the house of God, and wept, and sat there before the LORD, and fasted that day until even, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the LORD.
Judges 20:36	So the children of Benjamin saw that they were smitten: for the men of Israel gave place to the Benjamites, because they trusted unto the liers in wait which they had set beside Gibeah.
Judges 20:46	So that all which fell that day of Benjamin were twenty and five thousand men that drew the sword; all these were men of valor.
Judges 21:8	And they said, What one is there of the tribes of Israel that came not up to Mizpeh to the LORD? And, behold, there came none to the camp from Jabeshgilead to the assembly.
Judges 21:18	Howbeit we may not give them wives of our daughters: for the children of Israel have sworn, saying, Cursed be he that giveth a wife to Benjamin.
Ruth 1:3	And Elimelech Naomi's husband died; and she was left, and her two sons.
Ruth 1:13	Would ye tarry for them till they were grown? would ye stay for them from having husbands? nay, my daughters; for it grieveth me much for your sakes that the hand of the LORD is gone out against me.
Ruth 2:1	And Naomi had a kinsman of her husband's, a mighty man of wealth, of the family of Elimelech; and his name was Boaz.
Ruth 2:11	And Boaz answered and said unto her, It hath fully been showed me, all that thou hast done unto thy mother in law since the death of thine husband: and how thou hast left thy father and thy mother, and the land of thy nativity, and art come unto a people which thou knewest not heretofore.
Ruth 2:21	And Ruth the Moabitess said, He said unto me also, Thou shalt keep fast by my young men, until they have ended all my harvest.
Ruth 3:8	And it came to pass at midnight, that the man was afraid, and turned himself: and, behold, a woman lay at his feet.
Ruth 3:18	Then said she, Sit still, my daughter, until thou know how the matter will fall: for the man will not be in rest, until he have finished the thing this day.
Ruth 4:10	Moreover Ruth the Moabitess, the wife of Mahlon, have I purchased to be my wife, to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance, that the name of the dead be not cut off from among his brethren, and from the gate of his place: ye are witnesses this day.
Ruth 4:20	And Amminadab begat Nahshon, and Nahshon begat Salmon,
1 Samuel 1:8	Then said Elkanah her husband to her, Hannah, why weepest thou? and why eatest thou not? and why is thy heart grieved? am not I better to thee than ten sons?
1 Samuel 1:18	And she said, Let thine handmaid find grace in thy sight. So the woman went her way, and did eat, and her countenance was no more sad.
1 Samuel 1:28	Therefore also I have lent him to the LORD; as long as he liveth he shall be lent to the LORD. And he worshipped the LORD there.
1 Samuel 2:10	The adversaries of the LORD shall be broken to pieces; out of heaven shall he thunder upon them: the LORD shall judge the ends of the earth; and he shall give strength unto his king, and exalt the horn of his anointed.
1 Samuel 2:20	And Eli blessed Elkanah and his wife, and said, The LORD give thee seed of this woman for the loan which is lent to the LORD. And they went unto their own home.
1 Samuel 2:30	Wherefore the LORD God of Israel saith, I said indeed that thy house, and the house of thy father, should walk before me for ever: but now the LORD saith, Be it far from me; for them that honor me I will honor, and they that despise me shall be lightly esteemed.
1 Samuel 3:4	That the LORD called Samuel: and he answered, Here am I.
1 Samuel 3:14	And therefore I have sworn unto the house of Eli, that the iniquity of Eli's house shall not be purged with sacrifice nor offering for ever.
1 Samuel 4:3	And when the people were come into the camp, the elders of Israel said, Wherefore hath the LORD smitten us to day before the Philistines? Let us fetch the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of Shiloh unto us, that, when it cometh among us, it may save us out of the hand of our enemies.
1 Samuel 4:13	And when he came, lo, Eli sat upon a seat by the wayside watching: for his heart trembled for the ark of God. And when the man came into the city, and told it, all the city cried out.
1 Samuel 5:1	And the Philistines took the ark of God, and brought it from Ebenezer unto Ashdod.
1 Samuel 5:11	So they sent and gathered together all the lords of the Philistines, and said, Send away the ark of the God of Israel, and let it go again to his own place, that it slay us not, and our people: for there was a deadly destruction throughout all the city; the hand of God was very heavy there.
1 Samuel 6:9	And see, if it goeth up by the way of his own coast to Bethshemesh, then he hath done us this great evil: but if not, then we shall know that it is not his hand that smote us: it was a chance that happened to us.
1 Samuel 6:19	And he smote the men of Bethshemesh, because they had looked into the ark of the LORD, even he smote of the people fifty thousand and threescore and ten men: and the people lamented, because the LORD had smitten many of the people with a great slaughter.
1 Samuel 7:8	And the children of Israel said to Samuel, Cease not to cry unto the LORD our God for us, that he will save us out of the hand of the Philistines.
1 Samuel 8:1	And it came to pass, when Samuel was old, that he made his sons judges over Israel.
1 Samuel 8:11	And he said, This will be the manner of the king that shall reign over you: He will take your sons, and appoint them for himself, for his chariots, and to be his horsemen; and some shall run before his chariots.
1 Samuel 8:21	And Samuel heard all the words of the people, and he rehearsed them in the ears of the LORD.
1 Samuel 9:9	(Beforetime in Israel, when a man went to inquire of God, thus he spake, Come, and let us go to the seer: for he that is now called a Prophet was beforetime called a Seer.)
1 Samuel 9:19	And Samuel answered Saul, and said, I am the seer: go up before me unto the high place; for ye shall eat with me to day, and to morrow I will let thee go, and will tell thee all that is in thine heart.
1 Samuel 10:2	When thou art departed from me to day, then thou shalt find two men by Rachel's sepulchre in the border of Benjamin at Zelzah; and they will say unto thee, The asses which thou wentest to seek are found: and, lo, thy father hath left the care of the asses, and sorroweth for you, saying, What shall I do for my son?
1 Samuel 10:12	And one of the same place answered and said, But who is their father? Therefore it became a proverb, Is Saul also among the prophets?
1 Samuel 10:22	Therefore they inquired of the LORD further, if the man should yet come thither. And the LORD answered, Behold he hath hid himself among the stuff.
1 Samuel 11:5	And, behold, Saul came after the herd out of the field; and Saul said, What aileth the people that they weep? And they told him the tidings of the men of Jabesh.
1 Samuel 11:15	And all the people went to Gilgal; and there they made Saul king before the LORD in Gilgal; and there they sacrificed sacrifices of peace offerings before the LORD; and there Saul and all the men of Israel rejoiced greatly.
1 Samuel 12:10	And they cried unto the LORD, and said, We have sinned, because we have forsaken the LORD, and have served Baalim and Ashtaroth: but now deliver us out of the hand of our enemies, and we will serve thee.
1 Samuel 12:20	And Samuel said unto the people, Fear not: ye have done all this wickedness: yet turn not aside from following the LORD, but serve the LORD with all your heart;
1 Samuel 13:5	And the Philistines gathered themselves together to fight with Israel, thirty thousand chariots, and six thousand horsemen, and people as the sand which is on the sea shore in multitude: and they came up, and pitched in Michmash, eastward from Bethaven.
1 Samuel 13:15	And Samuel arose, and gat him up from Gilgal unto Gibeah of Benjamin. And Saul numbered the people that were present with him, about six hundred men.
1 Samuel 14:2	And Saul tarried in the uttermost part of Gibeah under a pomegranate tree which is in Migron: and the people that were with him were about six hundred men;
1 Samuel 14:12	And the men of the garrison answered Jonathan and his armourbearer, and said, Come up to us, and we will show you a thing. And Jonathan said unto his armourbearer, Come up after me: for the LORD hath delivered them into the hand of Israel.
1 Samuel 14:22	Likewise all the men of Israel which had hid themselves in mount Ephraim, when they heard that the Philistines fled, even they also followed hard after them in the battle.
1 Samuel 14:32	And the people flew upon the spoil, and took sheep, and oxen, and calves, and slew them on the ground: and the people did eat them with the blood.
1 Samuel 14:42	And Saul said, Cast lots between me and Jonathan my son. And Jonathan was taken.
1 Samuel 14:52	And there was sore war against the Philistines all the days of Saul: and when Saul saw any strong man, or any valiant man, he took him unto him.
1 Samuel 15:10	Then came the word of the LORD unto Samuel, saying,
1 Samuel 15:20	And Saul said unto Samuel, Yea, I have obeyed the voice of the LORD, and have gone the way which the LORD sent me, and have brought Agag the king of Amalek, and have utterly destroyed the Amalekites.
1 Samuel 15:30	Then he said, I have sinned: yet honor me now, I pray thee, before the elders of my people, and before Israel, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD thy God.
1 Samuel 16:5	And he said, Peaceably: I am come to sacrifice unto the LORD: sanctify yourselves, and come with me to the sacrifice. And he sanctified Jesse and his sons, and called them to the sacrifice.
1 Samuel 16:15	And Saul's servants said unto him, Behold now, an evil spirit from God troubleth thee.
1 Samuel 17:2	And Saul and the men of Israel were gathered together, and pitched by the valley of Elah, and set the battle in array against the Philistines.
1 Samuel 17:12	Now David was the son of that Ephrathite of Bethlehemjudah, whose name was Jesse; and he had eight sons: and the man went among men for an old man in the days of Saul.
1 Samuel 17:22	And David left his carriage in the hand of the keeper of the carriage, and ran into the army, and came and saluted his brethren.
1 Samuel 17:32	And David said to Saul, Let no man's heart fail because of him; thy servant will go and fight with this Philistine.
1 Samuel 17:42	And when the Philistine looked about, and saw David, he disdained him: for he was but a youth, and ruddy, and of a fair countenance.
1 Samuel 17:52	And the men of Israel and of Judah arose, and shouted, and pursued the Philistines, until thou come to the valley, and to the gates of Ekron. And the wounded of the Philistines fell down by the way to Shaaraim, even unto Gath, and unto Ekron.
1 Samuel 18:4	And Jonathan stripped himself of the robe that was upon him, and gave it to David, and his garments, even to his sword, and to his bow, and to his girdle.
1 Samuel 18:14	And David behaved himself wisely in all his ways; and the LORD was with him.
1 Samuel 18:24	And the servants of Saul told him, saying, On this manner spake David.
1 Samuel 19:4	And Jonathan spake good of David unto Saul his father, and said unto him, Let not the king sin against his servant, against David; because he hath not sinned against thee, and because his works have been to thee-ward very good:
1 Samuel 19:14	And when Saul sent messengers to take David, she said, He is sick.
1 Samuel 19:24	And he stripped off his clothes also, and prophesied before Samuel in like manner, and lay down naked all that day and all that night. Wherefore they say, Is Saul also among the prophets?
1 Samuel 20:10	Then said David to Jonathan, Who shall tell me? or what if thy father answer thee roughly?
1 Samuel 20:20	And I will shoot three arrows on the side thereof, as though I shot at a mark.
1 Samuel 20:30	Then Saul's anger was kindled against Jonathan, and he said unto him, Thou son of the perverse rebellious woman, do not I know that thou hast chosen the son of Jesse to thine own confusion, and unto the confusion of thy mother's nakedness?
1 Samuel 20:40	And Jonathan gave his artillery unto his lad, and said unto him, Go, carry them to the city.
1 Samuel 21:8	And David said unto Ahimelech, And is there not here under thine hand spear or sword? for I have neither brought my sword nor my weapons with me, because the king's business required haste.
1 Samuel 22:3	And David went thence to Mizpeh of Moab: and he said unto the king of Moab, Let my father and my mother, I pray thee, come forth, and be with you, till I know what God will do for me.
1 Samuel 22:13	And Saul said unto him, Why have ye conspired against me, thou and the son of Jesse, in that thou hast given him bread, and a sword, and hast inquired of God for him, that he should rise against me, to lie in wait, as at this day?
1 Samuel 22:23	Abide thou with me, fear not: for he that seeketh my life seeketh thy life: but with me thou shalt be in safeguard.
1 Samuel 23:10	Then said David, O LORD God of Israel, thy servant hath certainly heard that Saul seeketh to come to Keilah, to destroy the city for my sake.
1 Samuel 23:20	Now therefore, O king, come down according to all the desire of thy soul to come down; and our part shall be to deliver him into the king's hand.
1 Samuel 24:1	And it came to pass, when Saul was returned from following the Philistines, that it was told him, saying, Behold, David is in the wilderness of Engedi.
1 Samuel 24:11	Moreover, my father, see, yea, see the skirt of thy robe in my hand: for in that I cut off the skirt of thy robe, and killed thee not, know thou and see that there is neither evil nor transgression in mine hand, and I have not sinned against thee; yet thou huntest my soul to take it.
1 Samuel 24:21	Swear now therefore unto me by the LORD, that thou wilt not cut off my seed after me, and that thou wilt not destroy my name out of my father's house.
1 Samuel 25:9	And when David's young men came, they spake to Nabal according to all those words in the name of David, and ceased.
1 Samuel 25:19	And she said unto her servants, Go on before me; behold, I come after you. But she told not her husband Nabal.
1 Samuel 25:29	Yet a man is risen to pursue thee, and to seek thy soul: but the soul of my lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with the LORD thy God; and the souls of thine enemies, them shall he sling out, as out of the middle of a sling.
1 Samuel 25:39	And when David heard that Nabal was dead, he said, Blessed be the LORD, that hath pleaded the cause of my reproach from the hand of Nabal, and hath kept his servant from evil: for the LORD hath returned the wickedness of Nabal upon his own head. And David sent and communed with Abigail, to take her to him to wife.
1 Samuel 26:5	And David arose, and came to the place where Saul had pitched: and David beheld the place where Saul lay, and Abner the son of Ner, the captain of his host: and Saul lay in the trench, and the people pitched round about him.
1 Samuel 26:15	And David said to Abner, Art not thou a valiant man? and who is like to thee in Israel? wherefore then hast thou not kept thy lord the king? for there came one of the people in to destroy the king thy lord.
1 Samuel 26:25	Then Saul said to David, Blessed be thou, my son David: thou shalt both do great things, and also shalt still prevail. So David went on his way, and Saul returned to his place.
1 Samuel 27:10	And Achish said, Whither have ye made a road to day? And David said, Against the south of Judah, and against the south of the Jerahmeelites, and against the south of the Kenites.
1 Samuel 28:8	And Saul disguised himself, and put on other raiment, and he went, and two men with him, and they came to the woman by night: and he said, I pray thee, divine unto me by the familiar spirit, and bring me him up, whom I shall name unto thee.
1 Samuel 28:18	Because thou obeyedst not the voice of the LORD, nor executedst his fierce wrath upon Amalek, therefore hath the LORD done this thing unto thee this day.
1 Samuel 29:3	Then said the princes of the Philistines, What do these Hebrews here? And Achish said unto the princes of the Philistines, Is not this David, the servant of Saul the king of Israel, which hath been with me these days, or these years, and I have found no fault in him since he fell unto me unto this day?
1 Samuel 30:2	And had taken the women captives, that were therein: they slew not any, either great or small, but carried them away, and went on their way.
1 Samuel 30:12	And they gave him a piece of a cake of figs, and two clusters of raisins: and when he had eaten, his spirit came again to him: for he had eaten no bread, nor drunk any water, three days and three nights.
1 Samuel 30:22	Then answered all the wicked men and men of Belial, of those that went with David, and said, Because they went not with us, we will not give them ought of the spoil that we have recovered, save to every man his wife and his children, that they may lead them away, and depart.
1 Samuel 31:1	Now the Philistines fought against Israel: and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines, and fell down slain in mount Gilboa.
1 Samuel 31:11	And when the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead heard of that which the Philistines had done to Saul;
2 Samuel 1:8	And he said unto me, Who art thou? And I answered him, I am an Amalekite.
2 Samuel 1:18	(Also he bade them teach the children of Judah the use of the bow: behold, it is written in the book of Jasher.)
2 Samuel 2:1	And it came to pass after this, that David inquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up into any of the cities of Judah? And the LORD said unto him, Go up. And David said, Whither shall I go up? And he said, Unto Hebron.
2 Samuel 2:11	And the time that David was king in Hebron over the house of Judah was seven years and six months.
2 Samuel 2:21	And Abner said to him, Turn thee aside to thy right hand or to thy left, and lay thee hold on one of the young men, and take thee his armor. But Asahel would not turn aside from following of him.
2 Samuel 2:31	But the servants of David had smitten of Benjamin, and of Abner's men, so that three hundred and threescore men died.
2 Samuel 3:9	So do God to Abner, and more also, except, as the LORD hath sworn to David, even so I do to him;
2 Samuel 3:19	And Abner also spake in the ears of Benjamin: and Abner went also to speak in the ears of David in Hebron all that seemed good to Israel, and that seemed good to the whole house of Benjamin.
2 Samuel 3:29	Let it rest on the head of Joab, and on all his father's house; and let there not fail from the house of Joab one that hath an issue, or that is a leper, or that leaneth on a staff, or that falleth on the sword, or that lacketh bread.
2 Samuel 3:39	And I am this day weak, though anointed king; and these men the sons of Zeruiah be too hard for me: the LORD shall reward the doer of evil according to his wickedness.
2 Samuel 4:10	When one told me, saying, Behold, Saul is dead, thinking to have brought good tidings, I took hold of him, and slew him in Ziklag, who thought that I would have given him a reward for his tidings:
2 Samuel 5:8	And David said on that day, Whosoever getteth up to the gutter, and smiteth the Jebusites, and the lame and the blind that are hated of David's soul, he shall be chief and captain. Wherefore they said, The blind and the lame shall not come into the house.
2 Samuel 5:18	The Philistines also came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.
2 Samuel 6:3	And they set the ark of God upon a new cart, and brought it out of the house of Abinadab that was in Gibeah: and Uzzah and Ahio, the sons of Abinadab, drave the new cart.
2 Samuel 6:13	And it was so, that when they that bare the ark of the LORD had gone six paces, he sacrificed oxen and fatlings.
2 Samuel 6:23	Therefore Michal the daughter of Saul had no child unto the day of her death.
2 Samuel 7:10	Moreover I will appoint a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more; neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them any more, as beforetime,
2 Samuel 7:20	And what can David say more unto thee? for thou, Lord GOD, knowest thy servant.
2 Samuel 8:1	And after this it came to pass that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them: and David took Methegammah out of the hand of the Philistines.
2 Samuel 8:11	Which also king David did dedicate unto the LORD, with the silver and gold that he had dedicated of all nations which he subdued;
2 Samuel 9:3	And the king said, Is there not yet any of the house of Saul, that I may show the kindness of God unto him? And Ziba said unto the king, Jonathan hath yet a son, which is lame on his feet.
2 Samuel 9:13	So Mephibosheth dwelt in Jerusalem: for he did eat continually at the king's table; and was lame on both his feet.
2 Samuel 10:10	And the rest of the people he delivered into the hand of Abishai his brother, that he might put them in array against the children of Ammon.
2 Samuel 11:1	And it came to pass, after the year was expired, at the time when kings go forth to battle, that David sent Joab, and his servants with him, and all Israel; and they destroyed the children of Ammon, and besieged Rabbah. But David tarried still at Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 11:11	And Uriah said unto David, The ark, and Israel, and Judah, abide in tents; and my lord Joab, and the servants of my lord, are encamped in the open fields; shall I then go into mine house, to eat and to drink, and to lie with my wife? as thou livest, and as thy soul liveth, I will not do this thing.
2 Samuel 11:21	Who smote Abimelech the son of Jerubbesheth? did not a woman cast a piece of a millstone upon him from the wall, that he died in Thebez? why went ye nigh the wall? then say thou, Thy servant Uriah the Hittite is dead also.
2 Samuel 12:4	And there came a traveler unto the rich man, and he spared to take of his own flock and of his own herd, to dress for the wayfaring man that was come unto him; but took the poor man's lamb, and dressed it for the man that was come to him.
2 Samuel 12:14	Howbeit, because by this deed thou hast given great occasion to the enemies of the LORD to blaspheme, the child also that is born unto thee shall surely die.
2 Samuel 12:24	And David comforted Bathsheba his wife, and went in unto her, and lay with her: and she bare a son, and he called his name Solomon: and the LORD loved him.
2 Samuel 13:3	But Amnon had a friend, whose name was Jonadab, the son of Shimeah David's brother: and Jonadab was a very subtil man.
2 Samuel 13:13	And I, whither shall I cause my shame to go? and as for thee, thou shalt be as one of the fools in Israel. Now therefore, I pray thee, speak unto the king; for he will not withhold me from thee.
2 Samuel 13:23	And it came to pass after two full years, that Absalom had sheepshearers in Baalhazor, which is beside Ephraim: and Absalom invited all the king's sons.
2 Samuel 13:33	Now therefore let not my lord the king take the thing to his heart, to think that all the king's sons are dead: for Amnon only is dead.
2 Samuel 14:4	And when the woman of Tekoah spake to the king, she fell on her face to the ground, and did obeisance, and said, Help, O king.
2 Samuel 14:14	For we must needs die, and are as water spilt on the ground, which cannot be gathered up again; neither doth God respect any person: yet doth he devise means, that his banished be not expelled from him.
2 Samuel 14:24	And the king said, Let him turn to his own house, and let him not see my face. So Absalom returned to his own house, and saw not the king's face.
2 Samuel 15:1	And it came to pass after this, that Absalom prepared him chariots and horses, and fifty men to run before him.
2 Samuel 15:11	And with Absalom went two hundred men out of Jerusalem, that were called; and they went in their simplicity, and they knew not any thing.
2 Samuel 15:21	And Ittai answered the king, and said, As the LORD liveth, and as my lord the king liveth, surely in what place my lord the king shall be, whether in death or life, even there also will thy servant be.
2 Samuel 15:31	And one told David, saying, Ahithophel is among the conspirators with Absalom. And David said, O LORD, I pray thee, turn the counsel of Ahithophel into foolishness.
2 Samuel 16:4	Then said the king to Ziba, Behold, thine are all that pertained unto Mephibosheth. And Ziba said, I humbly beseech thee that I may find grace in thy sight, my lord, O king.
2 Samuel 16:14	And the king, and all the people that were with him, came weary, and refreshed themselves there.
2 Samuel 17:1	Moreover Ahithophel said unto Absalom, Let me now choose out twelve thousand men, and I will arise and pursue after David this night:
2 Samuel 17:11	Therefore I counsel that all Israel be generally gathered unto thee, from Dan even to Beersheba, as the sand that is by the sea for multitude; and that thou go to battle in thine own person.
2 Samuel 17:21	And it came to pass, after they were departed, that they came up out of the well, and went and told king David, and said unto David, Arise, and pass quickly over the water: for thus hath Ahithophel counseled against you.
2 Samuel 18:2	And David sent forth a third part of the people under the hand of Joab, and a third part under the hand of Abishai the son of Zeruiah, Joab's brother, and a third part under the hand of Ittai the Gittite. And the king said unto the people, I will surely go forth with you myself also.
2 Samuel 18:12	And the man said unto Joab, Though I should receive a thousand shekels of silver in mine hand, yet would I not put forth mine hand against the king's son: for in our hearing the king charged thee and Abishai and Ittai, saying, Beware that none touch the young man Absalom.
2 Samuel 18:22	Then said Ahimaaz the son of Zadok yet again to Joab, But howsoever, let me, I pray thee, also run after Cushy. And Joab said, Wherefore wilt thou run, my son, seeing that thou hast no tidings ready?
2 Samuel 18:32	And the king said unto Cushy, Is the young man Absalom safe? And Cushy answered, The enemies of my lord the king, and all that rise against thee to do thee hurt, be as that young man is.
2 Samuel 19:9	And all the people were at strife throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying, The king saved us out of the hand of our enemies, and he delivered us out of the hand of the Philistines; and now he is fled out of the land for Absalom.
2 Samuel 19:19	And said unto the king, Let not my lord impute iniquity unto me, neither do thou remember that which thy servant did perversely the day that my lord the king went out of Jerusalem, that the king should take it to his heart.
2 Samuel 19:29	And the king said unto him, Why speakest thou any more of thy matters? I have said, Thou and Ziba divide the land.
2 Samuel 19:39	And all the people went over Jordan. And when the king was come over, the king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he returned unto his own place.
2 Samuel 20:6	And David said to Abishai, Now shall Sheba the son of Bichri do us more harm than did Absalom: take thou thy lord's servants, and pursue after him, lest he get him fenced cities, and escape us.
2 Samuel 20:16	Then cried a wise woman out of the city, Hear, hear; say, I pray you, unto Joab, Come near hither, that I may speak with thee.
2 Samuel 20:26	And Ira also the Jairite was a chief ruler about David.
2 Samuel 21:10	And Rizpah the daughter of Aiah took sackcloth, and spread it for her upon the rock, from the beginning of harvest until water dropped upon them out of heaven, and suffered neither the birds of the air to rest on them by day, nor the beasts of the field by night.
2 Samuel 21:20	And there was yet a battle in Gath, where was a man of great stature, that had on every hand six fingers, and on every foot six toes, four and twenty in number; and he also was born to the giant.
2 Samuel 22:8	Then the earth shook and trembled; the foundations of heaven moved and shook, because he was wroth.
2 Samuel 22:18	He delivered me from my strong enemy, and from them that hated me: for they were too strong for me.
2 Samuel 22:28	And the afflicted people thou wilt save: but thine eyes are upon the haughty, that thou mayest bring them down.
2 Samuel 22:38	I have pursued mine enemies, and destroyed them; and turned not again until I had consumed them.
2 Samuel 22:48	It is God that avengeth me, and that bringeth down the people under me.
2 Samuel 23:7	But the man that shall touch them must be fenced with iron and the staff of a spear; and they shall be utterly burned with fire in the same place.
2 Samuel 23:17	And he said, Be it far from me, O LORD, that I should do this: is not this the blood of the men that went in jeopardy of their lives? therefore he would not drink it. These things did these three mighty men.
2 Samuel 23:27	Abiezer the Anethothite, Mebunnai the Hushathite,
2 Samuel 23:37	Zelek the Ammonite, Nahari the Beerothite, armourbearer to Joab the son of Zeruiah,
2 Samuel 24:8	So when they had gone through all the land, they came to Jerusalem at the end of nine months and twenty days.
2 Samuel 24:18	And Gad came that day to David, and said unto him, Go up, rear an altar unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of Araunah the Jebusite.
1 Kings 1:3	So they sought for a fair damsel throughout all the coasts of Israel, and found Abishag a Shunammite, and brought her to the king.
1 Kings 1:13	Go and get thee in unto king David, and say unto him, Didst not thou, my lord, O king, swear unto thine handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne? why then doth Adonijah reign?
1 Kings 1:23	And they told the king, saying, Behold Nathan the prophet. And when he was come in before the king, he bowed himself before the king with his face to the ground.
1 Kings 1:33	The king also said unto them, Take with you the servants of your lord, and cause Solomon my son to ride upon mine own mule, and bring him down to Gihon:
1 Kings 1:43	And Jonathan answered and said to Adonijah, Verily our lord king David hath made Solomon king.
1 Kings 1:53	So king Solomon sent, and they brought him down from the altar. And he came and bowed himself to king Solomon: and Solomon said unto him, Go to thine house.
1 Kings 2:10	So David slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David.
1 Kings 2:20	Then she said, I desire one small petition of thee; I pray thee, say me not nay. And the king said unto her, Ask on, my mother: for I will not say thee nay.
1 Kings 2:30	And Benaiah came to the tabernacle of the LORD, and said unto him, Thus saith the king, Come forth. And he said, Nay; but I will die here. And Benaiah brought the king word again, saying, Thus said Joab, and thus he answered me.
1 Kings 2:40	And Shimei arose, and saddled his ass, and went to Gath to Achish to seek his servants: and Shimei went, and brought his servants from Gath.
1 Kings 3:4	And the king went to Gibeon to sacrifice there; for that was the great high place: a thousand burnt offerings did Solomon offer upon that altar.
1 Kings 3:14	And if thou wilt walk in my ways, to keep my statutes and my commandments, as thy father David did walk, then I will lengthen thy days.
1 Kings 3:24	And the king said, Bring me a sword. And they brought a sword before the king.
1 Kings 4:6	And Ahishar was over the household: and Adoniram the son of Abda was over the tribute.
1 Kings 4:16	Baanah the son of Hushai was in Asher and in Aloth:
1 Kings 4:26	And Solomon had forty thousand stalls of horses for his chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen.
1 Kings 5:2	And Solomon sent to Hiram, saying,
1 Kings 5:12	And the LORD gave Solomon wisdom, as he promised him: and there was peace between Hiram and Solomon; and they two made a league together.
1 Kings 6:4	And for the house he made windows of narrow lights.
1 Kings 6:14	So Solomon built the house, and finished it.
1 Kings 6:24	And five cubits was the one wing of the cherub, and five cubits the other wing of the cherub: from the uttermost part of the one wing unto the uttermost part of the other were ten cubits.
1 Kings 6:34	And the two doors were of fir tree: the two leaves of the one door were folding, and the two leaves of the other door were folding.
1 Kings 7:6	And he made a porch of pillars; the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth thereof thirty cubits: and the porch was before them: and the other pillars and the thick beam were before them.
1 Kings 7:16	And he made two chapiters of molten brass, to set upon the tops of the pillars: the height of the one chapiter was five cubits, and the height of the other chapiter was five cubits:
1 Kings 7:26	And it was an hand breadth thick, and the brim thereof was wrought like the brim of a cup, with flowers of lilies: it contained two thousand baths.
1 Kings 7:36	For on the plates of the ledges thereof, and on the borders thereof, he graved cherubim, lions, and palm trees, according to the proportion of every one, and additions round about.
1 Kings 7:46	In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them, in the clay ground between Succoth and Zarthan.
1 Kings 8:5	And king Solomon, and all the congregation of Israel, that were assembled unto him, were with him before the ark, sacrificing sheep and oxen, that could not be told nor numbered for multitude.
1 Kings 8:15	And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, which spake with his mouth unto David my father, and hath with his hand fulfilled it, saying,
1 Kings 8:25	Therefore now, LORD God of Israel, keep with thy servant David my father that thou promisedst him, saying, There shall not fail thee a man in my sight to sit on the throne of Israel; so that thy children take heed to their way, that they walk before me as thou hast walked before me.
1 Kings 8:35	When heaven is shut up, and there is no rain, because they have sinned against thee; if they pray toward this place, and confess thy name, and turn from their sin, when thou afflictest them:
1 Kings 8:45	Then hear thou in heaven their prayer and their supplication, and maintain their cause.
1 Kings 8:55	And he stood, and blessed all the congregation of Israel with a loud voice, saying,
1 Kings 8:65	And at that time Solomon held a feast, and all Israel with him, a great congregation, from the entering in of Hamath unto the river of Egypt, before the LORD our God, seven days and seven days, even fourteen days.
1 Kings 9:9	And they shall answer, Because they forsook the LORD their God, who brought forth their fathers out of the land of Egypt, and have taken hold upon other gods, and have worshipped them, and served them: therefore hath the LORD brought upon them all this evil.
1 Kings 9:19	And all the cities of store that Solomon had, and cities for his chariots, and cities for his horsemen, and that which Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of his dominion.
1 Kings 10:1	And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon concerning the name of the LORD, she came to prove him with hard questions.
1 Kings 10:11	And the navy also of Hiram, that brought gold from Ophir, brought in from Ophir great plenty of almug trees, and precious stones.
1 Kings 10:21	And all king Solomon's drinking vessels were of gold, and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold; none were of silver: it was nothing accounted of in the days of Solomon.
1 Kings 11:2	Of the nations concerning which the LORD said unto the children of Israel, Ye shall not go in to them, neither shall they come in unto you: for surely they will turn away your heart after their gods: Solomon clave unto these in love.
1 Kings 11:12	Notwithstanding in thy days I will not do it for David thy father's sake: but I will rend it out of the hand of thy son.
1 Kings 11:22	Then Pharaoh said unto him, But what hast thou lacked with me, that, behold, thou seekest to go to thine own country? And he answered, Nothing: howbeit let me go in any wise.
1 Kings 11:32	(But he shall have one tribe for my servant David's sake, and for Jerusalem's sake, the city which I have chosen out of all the tribes of Israel:)
1 Kings 11:42	And the time that Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel was forty years.
1 Kings 12:9	And he said unto them, What counsel give ye that we may answer this people, who have spoken to me, saying, Make the yoke which thy father did put upon us lighter?
1 Kings 12:19	So Israel rebelled against the house of David unto this day.
1 Kings 12:29	And he set the one in Bethel, and the other put he in Dan.
1 Kings 13:6	And the king answered and said unto the man of God, Entreat now the face of the LORD thy God, and pray for me, that my hand may be restored me again. And the man of God besought the LORD, and the king's hand was restored him again, and became as it was before.
1 Kings 13:16	And he said, I may not return with thee, nor go in with thee: neither will I eat bread nor drink water with thee in this place:
1 Kings 13:26	And when the prophet that brought him back from the way heard thereof, he said, It is the man of God, who was disobedient unto the word of the LORD: therefore the LORD hath delivered him unto the lion, which hath torn him, and slain him, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake unto him.
1 Kings 14:2	And Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, I pray thee, and disguise thyself, that thou be not known to be the wife of Jeroboam; and get thee to Shiloh: behold, there is Ahijah the prophet, which told me that I should be king over this people.
1 Kings 14:12	Arise thou therefore, get thee to thine own house: and when thy feet enter into the city, the child shall die.
1 Kings 14:22	And Judah did evil in the sight of the LORD, and they provoked him to jealousy with their sins which they had committed, above all that their fathers had done.
1 Kings 15:1	Now in the eighteenth year of king Jeroboam the son of Nebat reigned Abijam over Judah.
1 Kings 15:11	And Asa did that which was right in the eyes of the LORD, as did David his father.
1 Kings 15:21	And it came to pass, when Baasha heard thereof, that he left off building of Ramah, and dwelt in Tirzah.
1 Kings 15:31	Now the rest of the acts of Nadab, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
1 Kings 16:7	And also by the hand of the prophet Jehu the son of Hanani came the word of the LORD against Baasha, and against his house, even for all the evil that he did in the sight of the LORD, in provoking him to anger with the work of his hands, in being like the house of Jeroboam; and because he killed him.
1 Kings 16:17	And Omri went up from Gibbethon, and all Israel with him, and they besieged Tirzah.
1 Kings 16:27	Now the rest of the acts of Omri which he did, and his might that he showed, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
1 Kings 17:3	Get thee hence, and turn thee eastward, and hide thyself by the brook Cherith, that is before Jordan.
1 Kings 17:13	And Elijah said unto her, Fear not; go and do as thou hast said: but make me thereof a little cake first, and bring it unto me, and after make for thee and for thy son.
1 Kings 17:23	And Elijah took the child, and brought him down out of the chamber into the house, and delivered him unto his mother: and Elijah said, See, thy son liveth.
1 Kings 18:9	And he said, What have I sinned, that thou wouldest deliver thy servant into the hand of Ahab, to slay me?
1 Kings 18:19	Now therefore send, and gather to me all Israel unto mount Carmel, and the prophets of Baal four hundred and fifty, and the prophets of the groves four hundred, which eat at Jezebel's table.
1 Kings 18:29	And it came to pass, when midday was past, and they prophesied until the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice, that there was neither voice, nor any to answer, nor any that regarded.
1 Kings 18:39	And when all the people saw it, they fell on their faces: and they said, The LORD, he is the God; the LORD, he is the God.
1 Kings 19:3	And when he saw that, he arose, and went for his life, and came to Beersheba, which belongeth to Judah, and left his servant there.
1 Kings 19:13	And it was so, when Elijah heard it, that he wrapped his face in his mantle, and went out, and stood in the entering in of the cave. And, behold, there came a voice unto him, and said, What doest thou here, Elijah?
1 Kings 20:2	And he sent messengers to Ahab king of Israel into the city, and said unto him, Thus saith Benhadad,
1 Kings 20:12	And it came to pass, when Ben-hadad heard this message, as he was drinking, he and the kings in the pavilions, that he said unto his servants, Set yourselves in array. And they set themselves in array against the city.
1 Kings 20:22	And the prophet came to the king of Israel, and said unto him, Go, strengthen thyself, and mark, and see what thou doest: for at the return of the year the king of Syria will come up against thee.
1 Kings 20:32	So they girded sackcloth on their loins, and put ropes on their heads, and came to the king of Israel, and said, Thy servant Benhadad saith, I pray thee, let me live. And he said, Is he yet alive? he is my brother.
1 Kings 20:42	And he said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Because thou hast let go out of thy hand a man whom I appointed to utter destruction, therefore thy life shall go for his life, and thy people for his people.
1 Kings 21:9	And she wrote in the letters, saying, Proclaim a fast, and set Naboth on high among the people:
1 Kings 21:19	And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus saith the LORD, Hast thou killed, and also taken possession? And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus saith the LORD, In the place where dogs licked the blood of Naboth shall dogs lick thy blood, even thine.
1 Kings 21:29	Seest thou how Ahab humbleth himself before me? because he humbleth himself before me, I will not bring the evil in his days: but in his son's days will I bring the evil upon his house.
1 Kings 22:10	And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah sat each on his throne, having put on their robes, in a void place in the entrance of the gate of Samaria; and all the prophets prophesied before them.
1 Kings 22:20	And the LORD said, Who shall persuade Ahab, that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead? And one said on this manner, and another said on that manner.
1 Kings 22:30	And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, I will disguise myself, and enter into the battle; but put thou on thy robes. And the king of Israel disguised himself, and went into the battle.
1 Kings 22:40	So Ahab slept with his fathers; and Ahaziah his son reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 22:50	And Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoram his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 1:7	And he said unto them, What manner of man was he which came up to meet you, and told you these words?
2 Kings 1:17	So he died according to the word of the LORD which Elijah had spoken. And Jehoram reigned in his stead in the second year of Jehoram the son of Jehoshaphat king of Judah; because he had no son.
2 Kings 2:9	And it came to pass, when they were gone over, that Elijah said unto Elisha, Ask what I shall do for thee, before I be taken away from thee. And Elisha said, I pray thee, let a double portion of thy spirit be upon me.
2 Kings 2:19	And the men of the city said unto Elisha, Behold, I pray thee, the situation of this city is pleasant, as my lord seeth: but the water is naught, and the ground barren.
2 Kings 3:4	And Mesha king of Moab was a sheepmaster, and rendered unto the king of Israel an hundred thousand lambs, and an hundred thousand rams, with the wool.
2 Kings 3:14	And Elisha said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, surely, were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, I would not look toward thee, nor see thee.
2 Kings 3:24	And when they came to the camp of Israel, the Israelites rose up and smote the Moabites, so that they fled before them: but they went forward smiting the Moabites, even in their country.
2 Kings 4:7	Then she came and told the man of God. And he said, Go, sell the oil, and pay thy debt, and live thou and thy children of the rest.
2 Kings 4:17	And the woman conceived, and bare a son at that season that Elisha had said unto her, according to the time of life.
2 Kings 4:27	And when she came to the man of God to the hill, she caught him by the feet: but Gehazi came near to thrust her away. And the man of God said, Let her alone; for her soul is vexed within her: and the LORD hath hid it from me, and hath not told me.
2 Kings 4:37	Then she went in, and fell at his feet, and bowed herself to the ground, and took up her son, and went out.
2 Kings 5:3	And she said unto her mistress, Would God my lord were with the prophet that is in Samaria! for he would recover him of his leprosy.
2 Kings 5:13	And his servants came near, and spake unto him, and said, My father, if the prophet had bid thee do some great thing, wouldest thou not have done it? how much rather then, when he saith to thee, Wash, and be clean?
2 Kings 5:23	And Naaman said, Be content, take two talents. And he urged him, and bound two talents of silver in two bags, with two changes of garments, and laid them upon two of his servants; and they bare them before him.
2 Kings 6:6	And the man of God said, Where fell it? And he showed him the place. And he cut down a stick, and cast it in thither; and the iron did swim.
2 Kings 6:16	And he answered, Fear not: for they that be with us are more than they that be with them.
2 Kings 6:26	And as the king of Israel was passing by upon the wall, there cried a woman unto him, saying, Help, my lord, O king.
2 Kings 7:3	And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate: and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?
2 Kings 7:13	And one of his servants answered and said, Let some take, I pray thee, five of the horses that remain, which are left in the city, (behold, they are as all the multitude of Israel that are left in it: behold, I say, they are even as all the multitude of the Israelites that are consumed:) and let us send and see.
2 Kings 8:3	And it came to pass at the seven years' end, that the woman returned out of the land of the Philistines: and she went forth to cry unto the king for her house and for her land.
2 Kings 8:13	And Hazael said, But what, is thy servant a dog, that he should do this great thing? And Elisha answered, The LORD hath showed me that thou shalt be king over Syria.
2 Kings 8:23	And the rest of the acts of Joram, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 9:4	So the young man, even the young man the prophet, went to Ramothgilead.
2 Kings 9:14	So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi conspired against Joram. (Now Joram had kept Ramothgilead, he and all Israel, because of Hazael king of Syria.
2 Kings 9:24	And Jehu drew a bow with his full strength, and smote Jehoram between his arms, and the arrow went out at his heart, and he sunk down in his chariot.
2 Kings 9:34	And when he was come in, he did eat and drink, and said, Go, see now this cursed woman, and bury her: for she is a king's daughter.
2 Kings 10:7	And it came to pass, when the letter came to them, that they took the king's sons, and slew seventy persons, and put their heads in baskets, and sent him them to Jezreel.
2 Kings 10:17	And when he came to Samaria, he slew all that remained unto Ahab in Samaria, till he had destroyed him, according to the saying of the LORD, which he spake to Elijah.
2 Kings 10:27	And they brake down the image of Baal, and brake down the house of Baal, and made it a draught house unto this day.
2 Kings 11:1	And when Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead, she arose and destroyed all the seed royal.
2 Kings 11:11	And the guard stood, every man with his weapons in his hand, round about the king, from the right corner of the temple to the left corner of the temple, along by the altar and the temple.
2 Kings 11:21	Seven years old was Jehoash when he began to reign.
2 Kings 12:10	And it was so, when they saw that there was much money in the chest, that the king's scribe and the high priest came up, and they put up in bags, and told the money that was found in the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 12:20	And his servants arose, and made a conspiracy, and slew Joash in the house of Millo, which goeth down to Silla.
2 Kings 13:9	And Jehoahaz slept with his fathers; and they buried him in Samaria: and Joash his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 13:19	And the man of God was wroth with him, and said, Thou shouldest have smitten five or six times; then hadst thou smitten Syria till thou hadst consumed it: whereas now thou shalt smite Syria but thrice.
2 Kings 14:4	Howbeit the high places were not taken away: as yet the people did sacrifice and burnt incense on the high places.
2 Kings 14:14	And he took all the gold and silver, and all the vessels that were found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king's house, and hostages, and returned to Samaria.
2 Kings 14:24	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.
2 Kings 15:5	And the LORD smote the king, so that he was a leper unto the day of his death, and dwelt in a several house. And Jotham the king's son was over the house, judging the people of the land.
2 Kings 15:15	And the rest of the acts of Shallum, and his conspiracy which he made, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
2 Kings 15:25	But Pekah the son of Remaliah, a captain of his, conspired against him, and smote him in Samaria, in the palace of the king's house, with Argob and Arieh, and with him fifty men of the Gileadites: and he killed him, and reigned in his room.
2 Kings 15:35	Howbeit the high places were not removed: the people sacrificed and burned incense still in the high places. He built the higher gate of the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 16:7	So Ahaz sent messengers to Tiglathpileser king of Assyria, saying, I am thy servant and thy son: come up, and save me out of the hand of the king of Syria, and out of the hand of the king of Israel, which rise up against me.
2 Kings 16:17	And king Ahaz cut off the borders of the bases, and removed the laver from off them; and took down the sea from off the brazen oxen that were under it, and put it upon the pavement of stones.
2 Kings 17:7	For so it was, that the children of Israel had sinned against the LORD their God, which had brought them up out of the land of Egypt, from under the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt, and had feared other gods,
2 Kings 17:17	And they caused their sons and their daughters to pass through the fire, and used divination and enchantments, and sold themselves to do evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger.
2 Kings 17:27	Then the king of Assyria commanded, saying, Carry thither one of the priests whom ye brought from thence; and let them go and dwell there, and let him teach them the manner of the God of the land.
2 Kings 17:37	And the statutes, and the ordinances, and the law, and the commandment, which he wrote for you, ye shall observe to do for evermore; and ye shall not fear other gods.
2 Kings 18:6	For he clave to the LORD, and departed not from following him, but kept his commandments, which the LORD commanded Moses.
2 Kings 18:16	At that time did Hezekiah cut off the gold from the doors of the temple of the LORD, and from the pillars which Hezekiah king of Judah had overlaid, and gave it to the king of Assyria.
2 Kings 18:26	Then said Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, and Shebna, and Joah, unto Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray thee, to thy servants in the Syrian language; for we understand it: and talk not with us in the Jews' language in the ears of the people that are on the wall.
2 Kings 18:36	But the people held their peace, and answered him not a word: for the king's commandment was, saying, Answer him not.
2 Kings 19:9	And when he heard say of Tirhakah king of Ethiopia, Behold, he is come out to fight against thee: he sent messengers again unto Hezekiah, saying,
2 Kings 19:19	Now therefore, O LORD our God, I beseech thee, save thou us out of his hand, that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that thou art the LORD God, even thou only.
2 Kings 19:29	And this shall be a sign unto thee, Ye shall eat this year such things as grow of themselves, and in the second year that which springeth of the same; and in the third year sow ye, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the fruits thereof.
2 Kings 20:2	Then he turned his face to the wall, and prayed unto the LORD, saying,
2 Kings 20:12	At that time Berodachbaladan, the son of Baladan, king of Babylon, sent letters and a present unto Hezekiah: for he had heard that Hezekiah had been sick.
2 Kings 21:1	Manasseh was twelve years old when he began to reign, and reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Hephzibah.
2 Kings 21:11	Because Manasseh king of Judah hath done these abominations, and hath done wickedly above all that the Amorites did, which were before him, and hath made Judah also to sin with his idols:
2 Kings 21:21	And he walked in all the way that his father walked in, and served the idols that his father served, and worshipped them:
2 Kings 22:5	And let them deliver it into the hand of the doers of the work, that have the oversight of the house of the LORD: and let them give it to the doers of the work which is in the house of the LORD, to repair the breaches of the house,
2 Kings 22:15	And she said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Tell the man that sent you to me,
2 Kings 23:5	And he put down the idolatrous priests, whom the kings of Judah had ordained to burn incense in the high places in the cities of Judah, and in the places round about Jerusalem; them also that burned incense unto Baal, to the sun, and to the moon, and to the planets, and to all the host of heaven.
2 Kings 23:15	Moreover the altar that was at Bethel, and the high place which Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin, had made, both that altar and the high place he brake down, and burned the high place, and stamped it small to powder, and burned the grove.
2 Kings 23:25	And like unto him was there no king before him, that turned to the LORD with all his heart, and with all his soul, and with all his might, according to all the law of Moses; neither after him arose there any like him.
2 Kings 23:35	And Jehoiakim gave the silver and the gold to Pharaoh; but he taxed the land to give the money according to the commandment of Pharaoh: he exacted the silver and the gold of the people of the land, of every one according to his taxation, to give it unto Pharaohnechoh.
2 Kings 24:8	Jehoiachin was eighteen years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem three months. And his mother's name was Nehushta, the daughter of Elnathan of Jerusalem.
2 Kings 24:18	Zedekiah was twenty and one years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Hamutal, the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
2 Kings 25:8	And in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, which is the nineteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, came Nebuzaradan, captain of the guard, a servant of the king of Babylon, unto Jerusalem:
2 Kings 25:18	And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the door:
2 Kings 25:28	And he spake kindly to him, and set his throne above the throne of the kings that were with him in Babylon;
1 Chronicles 1:8	The sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, Put, and Canaan.
1 Chronicles 1:18	And Arphaxad begat Shelah, and Shelah begat Eber.
1 Chronicles 1:28	The sons of Abraham; Isaac, and Ishmael.
1 Chronicles 1:38	And the sons of Seir; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, and Dishon, and Ezar, and Dishan.
1 Chronicles 1:48	And when Samlah was dead, Shaul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 2:4	And Tamar his daughter in law bore him Pharez and Zerah. All the sons of Judah were five.
1 Chronicles 2:14	Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth,
1 Chronicles 2:24	And after that Hezron was dead in Calebephratah, then Abiah Hezron's wife bare him Ashur the father of Tekoa.
1 Chronicles 2:34	Now Sheshan had no sons, but daughters. And Sheshan had a servant, an Egyptian, whose name was Jarha.
1 Chronicles 2:44	And Shema begat Raham, the father of Jorkoam: and Rekem begat Shammai.
1 Chronicles 2:54	The sons of Salma; Bethlehem, and the Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of Joab, and half of the Manahethites, the Zorites.
1 Chronicles 3:9	These were all the sons of David, beside the sons of the concubines, and Tamar their sister.
1 Chronicles 3:19	And the sons of Pedaiah were, Zerubbabel, and Shimei: and the sons of Zerubbabel; Meshullam, and Hananiah, and Shelomith their sister:
1 Chronicles 4:5	And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naarah.
1 Chronicles 4:15	And the sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh; Iru, Elah, and Naam: and the sons of Elah, even Kenaz.
1 Chronicles 4:25	Shallum his son, Mibsam his son, Mishma his son.
1 Chronicles 4:35	And Joel, and Jehu the son of Josibiah, the son of Seraiah, the son of Asiel,
1 Chronicles 5:2	For Judah prevailed above his brethren, and of him came the chief ruler; but the birthright was Joseph's:)
1 Chronicles 5:12	Joel the chief, and Shapham the next, and Jaanai, and Shaphat in Bashan.
1 Chronicles 5:22	For there fell down many slain, because the war was of God. And they dwelt in their steads until the captivity.
1 Chronicles 6:6	And Uzzi begat Zerahiah, and Zerahiah begat Meraioth,
1 Chronicles 6:16	The sons of Levi; Gershom, Kohath, and Merari.
1 Chronicles 6:26	As for Elkanah: the sons of Elkanah; Zophai his son, and Nahath his son,
1 Chronicles 6:36	The son of Elkanah, the son of Joel, the son of Azariah, the son of Zephaniah,
1 Chronicles 6:46	The son of Amzi, the son of Bani, the son of Shamer,
1 Chronicles 6:56	But the fields of the city, and the villages thereof, they gave to Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
1 Chronicles 6:66	And the residue of the families of the sons of Kohath had cities of their coasts out of the tribe of Ephraim.
1 Chronicles 6:76	And out of the tribe of Naphtali; Kedesh in Galilee with her suburbs, and Hammon with her suburbs, and Kirjathaim with her suburbs.
1 Chronicles 7:5	And their brethren among all the families of Issachar were valiant men of might, reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore and seven thousand.
1 Chronicles 7:15	And Machir took to wife the sister of Huppim and Shuppim, whose sister's name was Maachah;) and the name of the second was Zelophehad: and Zelophehad had daughters.
1 Chronicles 7:25	And Rephah was his son, also Resheph, and Telah his son, and Tahan his son.
1 Chronicles 7:35	And the sons of his brother Helem; Zophah, and Imna, and Shelesh, and Amal.
1 Chronicles 8:5	And Gera, and Shephuphan, and Huram.
1 Chronicles 8:15	And Zebadiah, and Arad, and Ader,
1 Chronicles 8:25	And Iphedeiah, and Penuel, the sons of Shashak;
1 Chronicles 8:35	And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tarea, and Ahaz.
1 Chronicles 9:5	And of the Shilonites; Asaiah the firstborn, and his sons.
1 Chronicles 9:15	And Bakbakkar, Heresh, and Galal, and Mattaniah the son of Micah, the son of Zichri, the son of Asaph;
1 Chronicles 9:25	And their brethren, which were in their villages, were to come after seven days from time to time with them.
1 Chronicles 9:35	And in Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon, Jehiel, whose wife's name was Maachah:
1 Chronicles 10:1	Now the Philistines fought against Israel; and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines, and fell down slain in mount Gilboa.
1 Chronicles 10:11	And when all Jabeshgilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul,
1 Chronicles 11:7	And David dwelt in the castle; therefore they called it the city of David.
1 Chronicles 11:17	And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, that is at the gate!
1 Chronicles 11:27	Shammoth the Harorite, Helez the Pelonite,
1 Chronicles 11:37	Hezro the Carmelite, Naarai the son of Ezbai,
1 Chronicles 11:47	Eliel, and Obed, and Jasiel the Mesobaite.
1 Chronicles 12:10	Mishmannah the fourth, Jeremiah the fifth,
1 Chronicles 12:20	As he went to Ziklag, there fell to him of Manasseh, Adnah, and Jozabad, and Jediael, and Michael, and Jozabad, and Elihu, and Zilthai, captains of the thousands that were of Manasseh.
1 Chronicles 12:30	And of the children of Ephraim twenty thousand and eight hundred, mighty men of valor, famous throughout the house of their fathers.
1 Chronicles 12:40	Moreover they that were nigh them, even unto Issachar and Zebulun and Naphtali, brought bread on asses, and on camels, and on mules, and on oxen, and meat, meal, cakes of figs, and bunches of raisins, and wine, and oil, and oxen, and sheep abundantly: for there was joy in Israel.
1 Chronicles 13:10	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzza, and he smote him, because he put his hand to the ark: and there he died before God.
1 Chronicles 14:6	And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
1 Chronicles 14:16	David therefore did as God commanded him: and they smote the host of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gazer.
1 Chronicles 15:9	Of the sons of Hebron; Eliel the chief, and his brethren fourscore:
1 Chronicles 15:19	So the singers, Heman, Asaph, and Ethan, were appointed to sound with cymbals of brass;
1 Chronicles 15:29	And it came to pass, as the ark of the covenant of the LORD came to the city of David, that Michal, the daughter of Saul looking out at a window saw king David dancing and playing: and she despised him in her heart.
1 Chronicles 16:10	Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD.
1 Chronicles 16:20	And when they went from nation to nation, and from one kingdom to another people;
1 Chronicles 16:30	Fear before him, all the earth: the world also shall be stable, that it be not moved.
1 Chronicles 16:40	To offer burnt offerings unto the LORD upon the altar of the burnt offering continually morning and evening, and to do according to all that is written in the law of the LORD, which he commanded Israel;
1 Chronicles 17:7	Now therefore thus shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, even from following the sheep, that thou shouldest be ruler over my people Israel:
1 Chronicles 17:17	And yet this was a small thing in thine eyes, O God; for thou hast also spoken of thy servant's house for a great while to come, and hast regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree, O LORD God.
1 Chronicles 17:27	Now therefore let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may be before thee for ever: for thou blessest, O LORD, and it shall be blessed for ever.
1 Chronicles 18:10	He sent Hadoram his son to king David, to enquire of his welfare, and to congratulate him, because he had fought against Hadarezer, and smitten him; (for Hadarezer had war with Tou;) and with him all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass.
1 Chronicles 19:3	But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, Thinkest thou that David doth honor thy father, that he hath sent comforters unto thee? are not his servants come unto thee for to search, and to overthrow, and to spy out the land?
1 Chronicles 19:13	Be of good courage, and let us behave ourselves valiantly for our people, and for the cities of our God: and let the LORD do that which is good in his sight.
1 Chronicles 20:4	And it came to pass after this, that there arose war at Gezer with the Philistines; at which time Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Sippai, that was of the children of the giant: and they were subdued.
1 Chronicles 21:6	But Levi and Benjamin counted he not among them: for the king's word was abominable to Joab.
1 Chronicles 21:16	And David lifted up his eyes, and saw the angel of the LORD stand between the earth and the heaven, having a drawn sword in his hand stretched out over Jerusalem. Then David and the elders of Israel, who were clothed in sackcloth, fell upon their faces.
1 Chronicles 21:26	And David built there an altar unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings, and called upon the LORD; and he answered him from heaven by fire upon the altar of burnt offering.
1 Chronicles 22:6	Then he called for Solomon his son, and charged him to build an house for the LORD God of Israel.
1 Chronicles 22:16	Of the gold, the silver, and the brass, and the iron, there is no number. Arise therefore, and be doing, and the LORD be with thee.
1 Chronicles 23:7	Of the Gershonites were, Laadan, and Shimei.
1 Chronicles 23:17	And the sons of Eliezer were, Rehabiah the chief. And Eliezer had none other sons; but the sons of Rehabiah were very many.
1 Chronicles 23:27	For by the last words of David the Levites were numbered from twenty years old and above:
1 Chronicles 24:5	Thus were they divided by lot, one sort with another; for the governors of the sanctuary, and governors of the house of God, were of the sons of Eleazar, and of the sons of Ithamar.
1 Chronicles 24:15	The seventeenth to Hezir, the eighteenth to Aphses,
1 Chronicles 24:25	The brother of Michah was Isshiah: of the sons of Isshiah; Zechariah.
1 Chronicles 25:4	Of Heman: the sons of Heman: Bukkiah, Mattaniah, Uzziel, Shebuel, and Jerimoth, Hananiah, Hanani, Eliathah, Giddalti, and Romamtiezer, Joshbekashah, Mallothi, Hothir, and Mahazioth:
1 Chronicles 25:14	The seventh to Jesharelah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 25:24	The seventeenth to Joshbekashah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 26:3	Elam the fifth, Jehohanan the sixth, Elioenai the seventh.
1 Chronicles 26:13	And they cast lots, as well the small as the great, according to the house of their fathers, for every gate.
1 Chronicles 26:23	Of the Amramites, and the Izharites, the Hebronites, and the Uzzielites:
1 Chronicles 27:1	Now the children of Israel after their number, to wit, the chief fathers and captains of thousands and hundreds, and their officers that served the king in any matter of the courses, which came in and went out month by month throughout all the months of the year, of every course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 27:11	The eighth captain for the eighth month was Sibbecai the Hushathite, of the Zarhites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 27:21	Of the half tribe of Manasseh in Gilead, Iddo the son of Zechariah: of Benjamin, Jaasiel the son of Abner:
1 Chronicles 27:31	And over the flocks was Jaziz the Hagerite. All these were the rulers of the substance which was king David's.
1 Chronicles 28:7	Moreover I will establish his kingdom for ever, if he be constant to do my commandments and my judgments, as at this day.
1 Chronicles 28:17	Also pure gold for the fleshhooks, and the bowls, and the cups: and for the golden basins he gave gold by weight for every basin; and likewise silver by weight for every basin of silver:
1 Chronicles 29:6	Then the chief of the fathers and princes of the tribes of Israel and the captains of thousands and of hundreds, with the rulers of the king's work, offered willingly,
1 Chronicles 29:16	O LORD our God, all this store that we have prepared to build thee an house for thine holy name cometh of thine hand, and is all thine own.
1 Chronicles 29:26	Thus David the son of Jesse reigned over all Israel.
2 Chronicles 1:6	And Solomon went up thither to the brazen altar before the LORD, which was at the tabernacle of the congregation, and offered a thousand burnt offerings upon it.
2 Chronicles 1:16	And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king's merchants received the linen yarn at a price.
2 Chronicles 2:9	Even to prepare me timber in abundance: for the house which I am about to build shall be wonderful great.
2 Chronicles 3:1	Then Solomon began to build the house of the LORD at Jerusalem in mount Moriah, where the Lord appeared unto David his father, in the place that David had prepared in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite.
2 Chronicles 3:11	And the wings of the cherubim were twenty cubits long: one wing of the one cherub was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was likewise five cubits, reaching to the wing of the other cherub.
2 Chronicles 4:4	It stood upon twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the east: and the sea was set above upon them, and all their hinder parts were inward.
2 Chronicles 4:14	He made also bases, and lavers made he upon the bases;
2 Chronicles 5:2	Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel, and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel, unto Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David, which is Zion.
2 Chronicles 5:12	Also the Levites which were the singers, all of them of Asaph, of Heman, of Jeduthun, with their sons and their brethren, being arrayed in white linen, having cymbals and psalteries and harps, stood at the east end of the altar, and with them an hundred and twenty priests sounding with trumpets:)
2 Chronicles 6:8	But the LORD said to David my father, Forasmuch as it was in thine heart to build an house for my name, thou didst well in that it was in thine heart:
2 Chronicles 6:18	But will God in very deed dwell with men on the earth? behold, heaven and the heaven of heavens cannot contain thee; how much less this house which I have built!
2 Chronicles 6:28	If there be dearth in the land, if there be pestilence, if there be blasting, or mildew, locusts, or caterpillars; if their enemies besiege them in the cities of their land; whatsoever sore or whatsoever sickness there be:
2 Chronicles 6:38	If they return to thee with all their heart and with all their soul in the land of their captivity, whither they have carried them captives, and pray toward their land, which thou gavest unto their fathers, and toward the city which thou hast chosen, and toward the house which I have built for thy name:
2 Chronicles 7:6	And the priests waited on their offices: the Levites also with instruments of music of the LORD, which David the king had made to praise the LORD, because his mercy endureth for ever, when David praised by their ministry; and the priests sounded trumpets before them, and all Israel stood.
2 Chronicles 7:16	For now have I chosen and sanctified this house, that my name may be there for ever: and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually.
2 Chronicles 8:4	And he built Tadmor in the wilderness, and all the store cities, which he built in Hamath.
2 Chronicles 8:14	And he appointed, according to the order of David his father, the courses of the priests to their service, and the Levites to their charges, to praise and minister before the priests, as the duty of every day required: the porters also by their courses at every gate: for so had David the man of God commanded.
2 Chronicles 9:6	Howbeit I believed not their words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the one half of the greatness of thy wisdom was not told me: for thou exceedest the fame that I heard.
2 Chronicles 9:16	And three hundred shields made he of beaten gold: three hundred shekels of gold went to one shield. And the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon.
2 Chronicles 9:26	And he reigned over all the kings from the river even unto the land of the Philistines, and to the border of Egypt.
2 Chronicles 10:5	And he said unto them, Come again unto me after three days. And the people departed.
2 Chronicles 10:15	So the king hearkened not unto the people: for the cause was of God, that the LORD might perform his word, which he spake by the hand of Ahijah the Shilonite to Jeroboam the son of Nebat.
2 Chronicles 11:6	He built even Bethlehem, and Etam, and Tekoa,
2 Chronicles 11:16	And after them out of all the tribes of Israel such as set their hearts to seek the LORD God of Israel came to Jerusalem, to sacrifice unto the LORD God of their fathers.
2 Chronicles 12:3	With twelve hundred chariots, and threescore thousand horsemen: and the people were without number that came with him out of Egypt; the Lubims, the Sukkiims, and the Ethiopians.
2 Chronicles 12:13	So king Rehoboam strengthened himself in Jerusalem, and reigned: for Rehoboam was one and forty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem, the city which the LORD had chosen out of all the tribes of Israel, to put his name there. And his mother's name was Naamah an Ammonitess.
2 Chronicles 13:7	And there are gathered unto him vain men, the children of Belial, and have strengthened themselves against Rehoboam the son of Solomon, when Rehoboam was young and tenderhearted, and could not withstand them.
2 Chronicles 13:17	And Abijah and his people slew them with a great slaughter: so there fell down slain of Israel five hundred thousand chosen men.
2 Chronicles 14:5	Also he took away out of all the cities of Judah the high places and the images: and the kingdom was quiet before him.
2 Chronicles 14:15	They smote also the tents of cattle, and carried away sheep and camels in abundance, and returned to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 15:10	So they gathered themselves together at Jerusalem in the third month, in the fifteenth year of the reign of Asa.
2 Chronicles 16:1	In the six and thirtieth year of the reign of Asa Baasha king of Israel came up against Judah, and built Ramah, to the intent that he might let none go out or come in to Asa king of Judah.
2 Chronicles 16:11	And, behold, the acts of Asa, first and last, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
2 Chronicles 17:7	Also in the third year of his reign he sent to his princes, even to Benhail, and to Obadiah, and to Zechariah, and to Nethaneel, and to Michaiah, to teach in the cities of Judah.
2 Chronicles 17:17	And of Benjamin; Eliada a mighty man of valor, and with him armed men with bow and shield two hundred thousand.
2 Chronicles 18:8	And the king of Israel called for one of his officers, and said, Fetch quickly Micaiah the son of Imla.
2 Chronicles 18:18	Again he said, Therefore hear the word of the LORD; I saw the LORD sitting upon his throne, and all the host of heaven standing on his right hand and on his left.
2 Chronicles 18:28	So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to Ramothgilead.
2 Chronicles 19:4	And Jehoshaphat dwelt at Jerusalem: and he went out again through the people from Beersheba to mount Ephraim, and brought them back unto the LORD God of their fathers.
2 Chronicles 20:3	And Jehoshaphat feared, and set himself to seek the LORD, and proclaimed a fast throughout all Judah.
2 Chronicles 20:13	And all Judah stood before the LORD, with their little ones, their wives, and their children.
2 Chronicles 20:23	For the children of Ammon and Moab stood up against the inhabitants of mount Seir, utterly to slay and destroy them: and when they had made an end of the inhabitants of Seir, every one helped to destroy another.
2 Chronicles 20:33	Howbeit the high places were not taken away: for as yet the people had not prepared their hearts unto the God of their fathers.
2 Chronicles 21:6	And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, like as did the house of Ahab: for he had the daughter of Ahab to wife: and he wrought that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 21:16	Moreover the LORD stirred up against Jehoram the spirit of the Philistines, and of the Arabians, that were near the Ethiopians:
2 Chronicles 22:6	And he returned to be healed in Jezreel because of the wounds which were given him at Ramah, when he fought with Hazael king of Syria. And Azariah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to see Jehoram the son of Ahab at Jezreel, because he was sick.
2 Chronicles 23:4	This is the thing that ye shall do; A third part of you entering on the sabbath, of the priests and of the Levites, shall be porters of the doors;
2 Chronicles 23:14	Then Jehoiada the priest brought out the captains of hundreds that were set over the host, and said unto them, Have her forth of the ranges: and whoso followeth her, let him be slain with the sword. For the priest said, Slay her not in the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 24:3	And Jehoiada took for him two wives; and he begat sons and daughters.
2 Chronicles 24:13	So the workmen wrought, and the work was perfected by them, and they set the house of God in his state, and strengthened it.
2 Chronicles 24:23	And it came to pass at the end of the year, that the host of Syria came up against him: and they came to Judah and Jerusalem, and destroyed all the princes of the people from among the people, and sent all the spoil of them unto the king of Damascus.
2 Chronicles 25:6	He hired also an hundred thousand mighty men of valor out of Israel for an hundred talents of silver.
2 Chronicles 25:16	And it came to pass, as he talked with him, that the king said unto him, Art thou made of the king's counsel? forbear; why shouldest thou be smitten? Then the prophet forbare, and said, I know that God hath determined to destroy thee, because thou hast done this, and hast not hearkened unto my counsel.
2 Chronicles 25:26	Now the rest of the acts of Amaziah, first and last, behold, are they not written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel?
2 Chronicles 26:8	And the Ammonites gave gifts to Uzziah: and his name spread abroad even to the entering in of Egypt; for he strengthened himself exceedingly.
2 Chronicles 26:18	And they withstood Uzziah the king, and said unto him, It appertaineth not unto thee, Uzziah, to burn incense unto the LORD, but to the priests the sons of Aaron, that are consecrated to burn incense: go out of the sanctuary; for thou hast trespassed; neither shall it be for thine honor from the LORD God.
2 Chronicles 27:5	He fought also with the king of the Ammonites, and prevailed against them. And the children of Ammon gave him the same year an hundred talents of silver, and ten thousand measures of wheat, and ten thousand of barley. So much did the children of Ammon pay unto him, both the second year, and the third.
2 Chronicles 28:6	For Pekah the son of Remaliah slew in Judah an hundred and twenty thousand in one day, which were all valiant men; because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers.
2 Chronicles 28:16	At that time did king Ahaz send unto the kings of Assyria to help him.
2 Chronicles 28:26	Now the rest of his acts and of all his ways, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
2 Chronicles 29:9	For, lo, our fathers have fallen by the sword, and our sons and our daughters and our wives are in captivity for this.
2 Chronicles 29:19	Moreover all the vessels, which king Ahaz in his reign did cast away in his transgression, have we prepared and sanctified, and, behold, they are before the altar of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 29:29	And when they had made an end of offering, the king and all that were present with him bowed themselves, and worshipped.
2 Chronicles 30:3	For they could not keep it at that time, because the priests had not sanctified themselves sufficiently, neither had the people gathered themselves together to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 30:13	And there assembled at Jerusalem much people to keep the feast of unleavened bread in the second month, a very great congregation.
2 Chronicles 30:23	And the whole assembly took counsel to keep other seven days: and they kept other seven days with gladness.
2 Chronicles 31:6	And concerning the children of Israel and Judah, that dwelt in the cities of Judah, they also brought in the tithe of oxen and sheep, and the tithe of holy things which were consecrated unto the LORD their God, and laid them by heaps.
2 Chronicles 31:16	Beside their genealogy of males, from three years old and upward, even unto every one that entereth into the house of the LORD, his daily portion for their service in their charges according to their courses;
2 Chronicles 32:5	Also he strengthened himself, and built up all the wall that was broken, and raised it up to the towers, and another wall without, and repaired Millo in the city of David, and made darts and shields in abundance.
2 Chronicles 32:15	Now therefore let not Hezekiah deceive you, nor persuade you on this manner, neither yet believe him: for no god of any nation or kingdom was able to deliver his people out of mine hand, and out of the hand of my fathers: how much less shall your God deliver you out of mine hand?
2 Chronicles 32:25	But Hezekiah rendered not again according to the benefit done unto him; for his heart was lifted up: therefore there was wrath upon him, and upon Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 33:2	But did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, like unto the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD had cast out before the children of Israel.
2 Chronicles 33:12	And when he was in affliction, he besought the LORD his God, and humbled himself greatly before the God of his fathers,
2 Chronicles 33:22	But he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as did Manasseh his father: for Amon sacrificed unto all the carved images which Manasseh his father had made, and served them;
2 Chronicles 34:7	And when he had broken down the altars and the groves, and had beaten the graven images into powder, and cut down all the idols throughout all the land of Israel, he returned to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 34:17	And they have gathered together the money that was found in the house of the LORD, and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers, and to the hand of the workmen.
2 Chronicles 34:27	Because thine heart was tender, and thou didst humble thyself before God, when thou heardest his words against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, and humbledst thyself before me, and didst rend thy clothes, and weep before me; I have even heard thee also, saith the LORD.
2 Chronicles 35:4	And prepare yourselves by the houses of your fathers, after your courses, according to the writing of David king of Israel, and according to the writing of Solomon his son.
2 Chronicles 35:14	And afterward they made ready for themselves, and for the priests: because the priests the sons of Aaron were busied in offering of burnt offerings and the fat until night; therefore the Levites prepared for themselves, and for the priests the sons of Aaron.
2 Chronicles 35:24	His servants therefore took him out of that chariot, and put him in the second chariot that he had; and they brought him to Jerusalem, and he died, and was buried in one of the sepulchres of his fathers. And all Judah and Jerusalem mourned for Josiah.
2 Chronicles 36:7	Nebuchadnezzar also carried of the vessels of the house of the LORD to Babylon, and put them in his temple at Babylon.
2 Chronicles 36:17	Therefore he brought upon them the king of the Chaldees, who slew their young men with the sword in the house of their sanctuary, and had no compassion upon young man or maiden, old man, or him that stooped for age: he gave them all into his hand.
Ezra 1:4	And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth, let the men of his place help him with silver, and with gold, and with goods, and with beasts, beside the freewill offering for the house of God that is in Jerusalem.
Ezra 2:3	The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.
Ezra 2:13	The children of Adonikam, six hundred sixty and six.
Ezra 2:23	The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight.
Ezra 2:33	The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and five.
Ezra 2:43	The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hasupha, the children of Tabbaoth,
Ezra 2:53	The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Thamah,
Ezra 2:63	And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a priest with Urim and with Thummim.
Ezra 3:3	And they set the altar upon his bases; for fear was upon them because of the people of those countries: and they offered burnt offerings thereon unto the LORD, even burnt offerings morning and evening.
Ezra 3:13	So that the people could not discern the noise of the shout of joy from the noise of the weeping of the people: for the people shouted with a loud shout, and the noise was heard afar off.
Ezra 4:10	And the rest of the nations whom the great and noble Asnapper brought over, and set in the cities of Samaria, and the rest that are on this side the river, and at such a time.
Ezra 4:20	There have been mighty kings also over Jerusalem, which have ruled over all countries beyond the river; and toll, tribute, and custom, was paid unto them.
Ezra 5:6	The copy of the letter that Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shetharboznai and his companions the Apharsachites, which were on this side the river, sent unto Darius the king:
Ezra 5:16	Then came the same Sheshbazzar, and laid the foundation of the house of God which is in Jerusalem: and since that time even until now hath it been in building, and yet it is not finished.
Ezra 6:9	And that which they have need of, both young bullocks, and rams, and lambs, for the burnt offerings of the God of heaven, wheat, salt, wine, and oil, according to the appointment of the priests which are at Jerusalem, let it be given them day by day without fail:
Ezra 6:19	And the children of the captivity kept the passover upon the fourteenth day of the first month.
Ezra 7:7	And there went up some of the children of Israel, and of the priests, and the Levites, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, unto Jerusalem, in the seventh year of Artaxerxes the king.
Ezra 7:17	That thou mayest buy speedily with this money bullocks, rams, lambs, with their meat offerings and their drink offerings, and offer them upon the altar of the house of your God which is in Jerusalem.
Ezra 7:27	Blessed be the LORD God of our fathers, which hath put such a thing as this in the king's heart, to beautify the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem:
Ezra 8:9	Of the sons of Joab; Obadiah the son of Jehiel, and with him two hundred and eighteen males.
Ezra 8:19	And Hashabiah, and with him Jeshaiah of the sons of Merari, his brethren and their sons, twenty;
Ezra 8:29	Watch ye, and keep them, until ye weigh them before the chief of the priests and the Levites, and chief of the fathers of Israel, at Jerusalem, in the chambers of the house of the LORD.
Ezra 9:3	And when I heard this thing, I rent my garment and my mantle, and plucked off the hair of my head and of my beard, and sat down astonied.
Ezra 9:13	And after all that is come upon us for our evil deeds, and for our great trespass, seeing that thou our God hast punished us less than our iniquities deserve, and hast given us such deliverance as this;
Ezra 10:8	And that whosoever would not come within three days, according to the counsel of the princes and the elders, all his substance should be forfeited, and himself separated from the congregation of those that had been carried away.
Ezra 10:18	And among the sons of the priests there were found that had taken strange wives: namely, of the sons of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brethren; Maaseiah, and Eliezer, and Jarib, and Gedaliah.
Ezra 10:28	Of the sons also of Bebai; Jehohanan, Hananiah, Zabbai, and Athlai.
Ezra 10:38	And Bani, and Binnui, Shimei,
Nehemiah 1:4	And it came to pass, when I heard these words, that I sat down and wept, and mourned certain days, and fasted, and prayed before the God of heaven,
Nehemiah 2:3	And said unto the king, Let the king live for ever: why should not my countenance be sad, when the city, the place of my fathers' sepulchres, lieth waste, and the gates thereof are consumed with fire?
Nehemiah 2:13	And I went out by night by the gate of the valley, even before the dragon well, and to the dung port, and viewed the walls of Jerusalem, which were broken down, and the gates thereof were consumed with fire.
Nehemiah 3:3	But the fish gate did the sons of Hassenaah build, who also laid the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.
Nehemiah 3:13	The valley gate repaired Hanun, and the inhabitants of Zanoah; they built it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and a thousand cubits on the wall unto the dung gate.
Nehemiah 3:23	After him repaired Benjamin and Hashub over against their house. After him repaired Azariah the son of Maaseiah the son of Ananiah by his house.
Nehemiah 4:1	But it came to pass, that when Sanballat heard that we builded the wall, he was wroth, and took great indignation, and mocked the Jews.
Nehemiah 4:11	And our adversaries said, They shall not know, neither see, till we come in the midst among them, and slay them, and cause the work to cease.
Nehemiah 4:21	So we laboured in the work: and half of them held the spears from the rising of the morning till the stars appeared.
Nehemiah 5:8	And I said unto them, We after our ability have redeemed our brethren the Jews, which were sold unto the heathen; and will ye even sell your brethren? or shall they be sold unto us? Then held they their peace, and found nothing to answer.
Nehemiah 5:18	Now that which was prepared for me daily was one ox and six choice sheep; also fowls were prepared for me, and once in ten days store of all sorts of wine: yet for all this required not I the bread of the governor, because the bondage was heavy upon this people.
Nehemiah 6:9	For they all made us afraid, saying, Their hands shall be weakened from the work, that it be not done. Now therefore, O God, strengthen my hands.
Nehemiah 6:19	Also they reported his good deeds before me, and uttered my words to him. And Tobiah sent letters to put me in fear.
Nehemiah 7:10	The children of Arah, six hundred fifty and two.
Nehemiah 7:20	The children of Adin, six hundred fifty and five.
Nehemiah 7:30	The men of Ramah and Gaba, six hundred twenty and one.
Nehemiah 7:40	The children of Immer, a thousand fifty and two.
Nehemiah 7:50	The children of Reaiah, the children of Rezin, the children of Nekoda,
Nehemiah 7:60	All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two.
Nehemiah 7:70	And some of the chief of the fathers gave unto the work. The Tirshatha gave to the treasure a thousand drams of gold, fifty basons, five hundred and thirty priests' garments.
Nehemiah 8:7	Also Jeshua, and Bani, and Sherebiah, Jamin, Akkub, Shabbethai, Hodijah, Maaseiah, Kelita, Azariah, Jozabad, Hanan, Pelaiah, and the Levites, caused the people to understand the law: and the people stood in their place.
Nehemiah 8:17	And all the congregation of them that were come again out of the captivity made booths, and sat under the booths: for since the days of Jeshua the son of Nun unto that day had not the children of Israel done so. And there was very great gladness.
Nehemiah 9:9	And didst see the affliction of our fathers in Egypt, and heardest their cry by the Red sea;
Nehemiah 9:19	Yet thou in thy manifold mercies forsookest them not in the wilderness: the pillar of the cloud departed not from them by day, to lead them in the way; neither the pillar of fire by night, to shew them light, and the way wherein they should go.
Nehemiah 9:29	And testifiedst against them, that thou mightest bring them again unto thy law: yet they dealt proudly, and hearkened not unto thy commandments, but sinned against thy judgments, (which if a man do, he shall live in them;) and withdrew the shoulder, and hardened their neck, and would not hear.
Nehemiah 10:1	Now those that sealed were, Nehemiah, the Tirshatha, the son of Hachaliah, and Zidkijah,
Nehemiah 10:11	Micha, Rehob, Hashabiah,
Nehemiah 10:21	Meshezabeel, Zadok, Jaddua,
Nehemiah 10:31	And if the people of the land bring ware or any victuals on the sabbath day to sell, that we would not buy it of them on the sabbath, or on the holy day: and that we would leave the seventh year, and the exaction of every debt.
Nehemiah 11:2	And the people blessed all the men, that willingly offered themselves to dwell at Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 11:12	And their brethren that did the work of the house were eight hundred twenty and two: and Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pelaliah, the son of Amzi, the son of Zechariah, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchiah.
Nehemiah 11:22	The overseer also of the Levites at Jerusalem was Uzzi the son of Bani, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Micha. Of the sons of Asaph, the singers were over the business of the house of God.
Nehemiah 11:32	And at Anathoth, Nob, Ananiah,
Nehemiah 12:6	Shemaiah, and Joiarib, Jedaiah,
Nehemiah 12:16	Of Iddo, Zechariah; of Ginnethon, Meshullam;
Nehemiah 12:26	These were in the days of Joiakim the son of Jeshua, the son of Jozadak, and in the days of Nehemiah the governor, and of Ezra the priest, the scribe.
Nehemiah 12:36	And his brethren, Shemaiah, and Azarael, Milalai, Gilalai, Maai, Nethaneel, and Judah, Hanani, with the musical instruments of David the man of God, and Ezra the scribe before them.
Nehemiah 12:46	For in the days of David and Asaph of old there were chief of the singers, and songs of praise and thanksgiving unto God.
Nehemiah 13:9	Then I commanded, and they cleansed the chambers: and thither brought I again the vessels of the house of God, with the meat offering and the frankincense.
Nehemiah 13:19	And it came to pass, that when the gates of Jerusalem began to be dark before the sabbath, I commanded that the gates should be shut, and charged that they should not be opened till after the sabbath: and some of my servants set I at the gates, that there should no burden be brought in on the sabbath day.
Nehemiah 13:29	Remember them, O my God, because they have defiled the priesthood, and the covenant of the priesthood, and of the Levites.
Esther 1:8	And the drinking was according to the law; none did compel: for so the king had appointed to all the officers of his house, that they should do according to every man's pleasure.
Esther 1:18	Likewise shall the ladies of Persia and Media say this day unto all the king's princes, which have heard of the deed of the queen. Thus shall there arise too much contempt and wrath.
Esther 2:6	Who had been carried away from Jerusalem with the captivity which had been carried away with Jeconiah king of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away.
Esther 2:16	So Esther was taken unto king Ahasuerus into his house royal in the tenth month, which is the month Tebeth, in the seventh year of his reign.
Esther 3:3	Then the king's servants, which were in the king's gate, said unto Mordecai, Why transgressest thou the king's commandment?
Esther 3:13	And the letters were sent by posts into all the king's provinces, to destroy, to kill, and to cause to perish, all Jews, both young and old, little children and women, in one day, even upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month Adar, and to take the spoil of them for a prey.
Esther 4:8	Also he gave him the copy of the writing of the decree that was given at Shushan to destroy them, to shew it unto Esther, and to declare it unto her, and to charge her that she should go in unto the king, to make supplication unto him, and to make request before him for her people.
Esther 5:1	Now it came to pass on the third day, that Esther put on her royal apparel, and stood in the inner court of the king's house, over against the king's house: and the king sat upon his royal throne in the royal house, over against the gate of the house.
Esther 5:11	And Haman told them of the glory of his riches, and the multitude of his children, and all the things wherein the king had promoted him, and how he had advanced him above the princes and servants of the king.
Esther 6:7	And Haman answered the king, For the man whom the king delighteth to honour,
Esther 7:3	Then Esther the queen answered and said, If I have found favour in thy sight, O king, and if it please the king, let my life be given me at my petition, and my people at my request:
Esther 8:3	And Esther spake yet again before the king, and fell down at his feet, and besought him with tears to put away the mischief of Haman the Agagite, and his device that he had devised against the Jews.
Esther 8:13	The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people, and that the Jews should be ready against that day to avenge themselves on their enemies.
Esther 9:6	And in Shushan the palace the Jews slew and destroyed five hundred men.
Esther 9:16	But the other Jews that were in the king's provinces gathered themselves together, and stood for their lives, and had rest from their enemies, and slew of their foes seventy and five thousand, but they laid not their hands on the prey,
Esther 9:26	Wherefore they called these days Purim after the name of Pur. Therefore for all the words of this letter, and of that which they had seen concerning this matter, and which had come unto them,
Job 1:1	There was a man in the land of Uz, whose name was Job; and that man was perfect and upright, and one that feared God, and eschewed evil.
Job 1:11	But put forth thine hand now, and touch all that he hath, and he will curse thee to thy face.
Job 1:21	And said, Naked came I out of my mother's womb, and naked shall I return thither: the LORD gave, and the LORD hath taken away; blessed be the name of the LORD.
Job 2:9	Then said his wife unto him, Dost thou still retain thine integrity? curse God, and die.
Job 3:6	As for that night, let darkness seize upon it; let it not be joined unto the days of the year, let it not come into the number of the months.
Job 3:16	Or as an hidden untimely birth I had not been; as infants which never saw light.
Job 3:26	I was not in safety, neither had I rest, neither was I quiet; yet trouble came.
Job 4:10	The roaring of the lion, and the voice of the fierce lion, and the teeth of the young lions, are broken.
Job 4:20	They are destroyed from morning to evening: they perish for ever without any regarding it.
Job 5:9	Which doeth great things and unsearchable; marvellous things without number:
Job 5:19	He shall deliver thee in six troubles: yea, in seven there shall no evil touch thee.
Job 6:2	Oh that my grief were throughly weighed, and my calamity laid in the balances together!
Job 6:12	Is my strength the strength of stones? or is my flesh of brass?
Job 6:22	Did I say, Bring unto me? or, Give a reward for me of your substance?
Job 7:2	As a servant earnestly desireth the shadow, and as an hireling looketh for the reward of his work:
Job 7:12	Am I a sea, or a whale, that thou settest a watch over me?
Job 8:1	Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said,
Job 8:11	Can the rush grow up without mire? can the flag grow without water?
Job 8:21	Till he fill thy mouth with laughing, and thy lips with rejoicing.
Job 9:9	Which maketh Arcturus, Orion, and Pleiades, and the chambers of the south.
Job 9:19	If I speak of strength, lo, he is strong: and if of judgment, who shall set me a time to plead?
Job 9:29	If I be wicked, why then labour I in vain?
Job 10:4	Hast thou eyes of flesh? or seest thou as man seeth?
Job 10:14	If I sin, then thou markest me, and thou wilt not acquit me from mine iniquity.
Job 11:2	Should not the multitude of words be answered? and should a man full of talk be justified?
Job 11:12	For vain men would be wise, though man be born like a wild ass's colt.
Job 12:2	No doubt but ye are the people, and wisdom shall die with you.
Job 12:12	With the ancient is wisdom; and in length of days understanding.
Job 12:22	He discovereth deep things out of darkness, and bringeth out to light the shadow of death.
Job 13:7	Will ye speak wickedly for God? and talk deceitfully for him?
Job 13:17	Hear diligently my speech, and my declaration with your ears.
Job 13:27	Thou puttest my feet also in the stocks, and lookest narrowly unto all my paths; thou settest a print upon the heels of my feet.
Job 14:9	Yet through the scent of water it will bud, and bring forth boughs like a plant.
Job 14:19	The waters wear the stones: thou washest away the things which grow out of the dust of the earth; and thou destroyest the hope of man.
Job 15:7	Art thou the first man that was born? or wast thou made before the hills?
Job 15:17	I will shew thee, hear me; and that which I have seen I will declare;
Job 15:27	Because he covereth his face with his fatness, and maketh collops of fat on his flanks.
Job 16:2	I have heard many such things: miserable comforters are ye all.
Job 16:12	I was at ease, but he hath broken me asunder: he hath also taken me by my neck, and shaken me to pieces, and set me up for his mark.
Job 16:22	When a few years are come, then I shall go the way whence I shall not return.
Job 17:10	But as for you all, do ye return, and come now: for I cannot find one wise man among you.
Job 18:4	He teareth himself in his anger: shall the earth be forsaken for thee? and shall the rock be removed out of his place?
Job 18:14	His confidence shall be rooted out of his tabernacle, and it shall bring him to the king of terrors.
Job 19:3	These ten times have ye reproached me: ye are not ashamed that ye make yourselves strange to me.
Job 19:13	He hath put my brethren far from me, and mine acquaintance are verily estranged from me.
Job 19:23	Oh that my words were now written! oh that they were printed in a book!
Job 20:4	Knowest thou not this of old, since man was placed upon earth,
Job 20:14	Yet his meat in his bowels is turned, it is the gall of asps within him.
Job 20:24	He shall flee from the iron weapon, and the bow of steel shall strike him through.
Job 21:5	Mark me, and be astonished, and lay your hand upon your mouth.
Job 21:15	What is the Almighty, that we should serve him? and what profit should we have, if we pray unto him?
Job 21:25	And another dieth in the bitterness of his soul, and never eateth with pleasure.
Job 22:1	Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said,
Job 22:11	Or darkness, that thou canst not see; and abundance of waters cover thee.
Job 22:21	Acquaint now thyself with him, and be at peace: thereby good shall come unto thee.
Job 23:1	Then Job answered and said,
Job 23:11	My foot hath held his steps, his way have I kept, and not declined.
Job 24:4	They turn the needy out of the way: the poor of the earth hide themselves together.
Job 24:14	The murderer rising with the light killeth the poor and needy, and in the night is as a thief.
Job 24:24	They are exalted for a little while, but are gone and brought low; they are taken out of the way as all other, and cut off as the tops of the ears of corn.
Job 26:3	How hast thou counselled him that hath no wisdom? and how hast thou plentifully declared the thing as it is?
Job 26:13	By his spirit he hath garnished the heavens; his hand hath formed the crooked serpent.
Job 27:9	Will God hear his cry when trouble cometh upon him?
Job 27:19	The rich man shall lie down, but he shall not be gathered: he openeth his eyes, and he is not.
Job 28:6	The stones of it are the place of sapphires: and it hath dust of gold.
Job 28:16	It cannot be valued with the gold of Ophir, with the precious onyx, or the sapphire.
Job 28:26	When he made a decree for the rain, and a way for the lightning of the thunder:
Job 29:8	The young men saw me, and hid themselves: and the aged arose, and stood up.
Job 29:18	Then I said, I shall die in my nest, and I shall multiply my days as the sand.
Job 30:3	For want and famine they were solitary; fleeing into the wilderness in former time desolate and waste.
Job 30:13	They mar my path, they set forward my calamity, they have no helper.
Job 30:23	For I know that thou wilt bring me to death, and to the house appointed for all living.
Job 31:2	For what portion of God is there from above? and what inheritance of the Almighty from on high?
Job 31:12	For it is a fire that consumeth to destruction, and would root out all mine increase.
Job 31:22	Then let mine arm fall from my shoulder blade, and mine arm be broken from the bone.
Job 31:32	The stranger did not lodge in the street: but I opened my doors to the traveller.
Job 32:2	Then was kindled the wrath of Elihu the son of Barachel the Buzite, of the kindred of Ram: against Job was his wrath kindled, because he justified himself rather than God.
Job 32:12	Yea, I attended unto you, and, behold, there was none of you that convinced Job, or that answered his words:
Job 32:22	For I know not to give flattering titles; in so doing my maker would soon take me away.
Job 33:10	Behold, he findeth occasions against me, he counteth me for his enemy,
Job 33:20	So that his life abhorreth bread, and his soul dainty meat.
Job 33:30	To bring back his soul from the pit, to be enlightened with the light of the living.
Job 34:7	What man is like Job, who drinketh up scorning like water?
Job 34:17	Shall even he that hateth right govern? and wilt thou condemn him that is most just?
Job 34:27	Because they turned back from him, and would not consider any of his ways:
Job 34:37	For he addeth rebellion unto his sin, he clappeth his hands among us, and multiplieth his words against God.
Job 35:10	But none saith, Where is God my maker, who giveth songs in the night;
Job 36:4	For truly my words shall not be false: he that is perfect in knowledge is with thee.
Job 36:14	They die in youth, and their life is among the unclean.
Job 36:24	Remember that thou magnify his work, which men behold.
Job 37:1	At this also my heart trembleth, and is moved out of his place.
Job 37:11	Also by watering he wearieth the thick cloud: he scattereth his bright cloud:
Job 37:21	And now men see not the bright light which is in the clouds: but the wind passeth, and cleanseth them.
Job 38:7	When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy?
Job 38:17	Have the gates of death been opened unto thee? or hast thou seen the doors of the shadow of death?
Job 38:27	To satisfy the desolate and waste ground; and to cause the bud of the tender herb to spring forth?
Job 38:37	Who can number the clouds in wisdom? or who can stay the bottles of heaven,
Job 39:6	Whose house I have made the wilderness, and the barren land his dwellings.
Job 39:16	She is hardened against her young ones, as though they were not her's: her labour is in vain without fear;
Job 39:26	Doth the hawk fly by thy wisdom, and stretch her wings toward the south?
Job 40:6	Then answered the LORD unto Job out of the whirlwind, and said,
Job 40:16	Lo now, his strength is in his loins, and his force is in the navel of his belly.
Job 41:2	Canst thou put an hook into his nose? or bore his jaw through with a thorn?
Job 41:12	I will not conceal his parts, nor his power, nor his comely proportion.
Job 41:22	In his neck remaineth strength, and sorrow is turned into joy before him.
Job 41:32	He maketh a path to shine after him; one would think the deep to be hoary.
Job 42:8	Therefore take unto you now seven bullocks and seven rams, and go to my servant Job, and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering; and my servant Job shall pray for you: for him will I accept: lest I deal with you after your folly, in that ye have not spoken of me the thing which is right, like my servant Job.
Psalms 1:1	Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor sitteth in the seat of the scornful.
Psalms 2:5	Then shall he speak unto them in his wrath, and vex them in his sore displeasure.
Psalms 3:3	But thou, O LORD, art a shield for me; my glory, and the lifter up of mine head.
Psalms 4:5	Offer the sacrifices of righteousness, and put your trust in the LORD.
Psalms 5:7	But as for me, I will come into thy house in the multitude of thy mercy: and in thy fear will I worship toward thy holy temple.
Psalms 6:5	For in death there is no remembrance of thee: in the grave who shall give thee thanks?
Psalms 7:5	Let the enemy persecute my soul, and take it; yea, let him tread down my life upon the earth, and lay mine honour in the dust. Selah.
Psalms 7:15	He made a pit, and digged it, and is fallen into the ditch which he made.
Psalms 8:8	The fowl of the air, and the fish of the sea, and whatsoever passeth through the paths of the seas.
Psalms 9:9	The LORD also will be a refuge for the oppressed, a refuge in times of trouble.
Psalms 9:19	Arise, O LORD; let not man prevail: let the heathen be judged in thy sight.
Psalms 10:9	He lieth in wait secretly as a lion in his den: he lieth in wait to catch the poor: he doth catch the poor, when he draweth him into his net.
Psalms 11:1	In the LORD put I my trust: how say ye to my soul, Flee as a bird to your mountain?
Psalms 12:4	Who have said, With our tongue will we prevail; our lips are our own: who is lord over us?
Psalms 13:6	I will sing unto the LORD, because he hath dealt bountifully with me.
Psalms 15:3	He that backbiteth not with his tongue, nor doeth evil to his neighbour, nor taketh up a reproach against his neighbour.
Psalms 16:8	I have set the LORD always before me: because he is at my right hand, I shall not be moved.
Psalms 17:7	Shew thy marvellous lovingkindness, O thou that savest by thy right hand them which put their trust in thee from those that rise up against them.
Psalms 18:2	The LORD is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer; my God, my strength, in whom I will trust; my buckler, and the horn of my salvation, and my high tower.
Psalms 18:12	At the brightness that was before him his thick clouds passed, hail stones and coals of fire.
Psalms 18:22	For all his judgments were before me, and I did not put away his statutes from me.
Psalms 18:32	It is God that girdeth me with strength, and maketh my way perfect.
Psalms 18:42	Then did I beat them small as the dust before the wind: I did cast them out as the dirt in the streets.
Psalms 19:2	Day unto day uttereth speech, and night unto night sheweth knowledge.
Psalms 19:12	Who can understand his errors? cleanse thou me from secret faults.
Psalms 20:8	They are brought down and fallen: but we are risen, and stand upright.
Psalms 21:9	Thou shalt make them as a fiery oven in the time of thine anger: the LORD shall swallow them up in his wrath, and the fire shall devour them.
Psalms 22:6	But I am a worm, and no man; a reproach of men, and despised of the people.
Psalms 22:16	For dogs have compassed me: the assembly of the wicked have inclosed me: they pierced my hands and my feet.
Psalms 22:26	The meek shall eat and be satisfied: they shall praise the LORD that seek him: your heart shall live for ever.
Psalms 23:5	Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over.
Psalms 24:9	Lift up your heads, O ye gates; even lift them up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in.
Psalms 25:9	The meek will he guide in judgment: and the meek will he teach his way.
Psalms 25:19	Consider mine enemies; for they are many; and they hate me with cruel hatred.
Psalms 26:7	That I may publish with the voice of thanksgiving, and tell of all thy wondrous works.
Psalms 27:5	For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion: in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me; he shall set me up upon a rock.
Psalms 28:1	Unto thee will I cry, O LORD my rock; be not silent to me: lest, if thou be silent to me, I become like them that go down into the pit.
Psalms 29:2	Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name; worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness.
Psalms 30:1	I will extol thee, O LORD; for thou hast lifted me up, and hast not made my foes to rejoice over me.
Psalms 30:11	Thou hast turned for me my mourning into dancing: thou hast put off my sackcloth, and girded me with gladness;
Psalms 31:9	Have mercy upon me, O LORD, for I am in trouble: mine eye is consumed with grief, yea, my soul and my belly.
Psalms 31:19	Oh how great is thy goodness, which thou hast laid up for them that fear thee; which thou hast wrought for them that trust in thee before the sons of men!
Psalms 32:5	I acknowledge my sin unto thee, and mine iniquity have I not hid. I said, I will confess my transgressions unto the LORD; and thou forgavest the iniquity of my sin. Selah.
Psalms 33:4	For the word of the LORD is right; and all his works are done in truth.
Psalms 33:14	From the place of his habitation he looketh upon all the inhabitants of the earth.
Psalms 34:2	My soul shall make her boast in the LORD: the humble shall hear thereof, and be glad.
Psalms 34:12	What man is he that desireth life, and loveth many days, that he may see good?
Psalms 34:22	The LORD redeemeth the soul of his servants: and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate.
Psalms 35:10	All my bones shall say, LORD, who is like unto thee, which deliverest the poor from him that is too strong for him, yea, the poor and the needy from him that spoileth him?
Psalms 35:20	For they speak not peace: but they devise deceitful matters against them that are quiet in the land.
Psalms 36:2	For he flattereth himself in his own eyes, until his iniquity be found to be hateful.
Psalms 36:12	There are the workers of iniquity fallen: they are cast down, and shall not be able to rise.
Psalms 37:10	For yet a little while, and the wicked shall not be: yea, thou shalt diligently consider his place, and it shall not be.
Psalms 37:20	But the wicked shall perish, and the enemies of the LORD shall be as the fat of lambs: they shall consume; into smoke shall they consume away.
Psalms 37:30	The mouth of the righteous speaketh wisdom, and his tongue talketh of judgment.
Psalms 37:40	And the LORD shall help them, and deliver them: he shall deliver them from the wicked, and save them, because they trust in him.
Psalms 38:10	My heart panteth, my strength faileth me: as for the light of mine eyes, it also is gone from me.
Psalms 38:20	They also that render evil for good are mine adversaries; because I follow the thing that good is.
Psalms 39:8	Deliver me from all my transgressions: make me not the reproach of the foolish.
Psalms 40:5	Many, O LORD my God, are thy wonderful works which thou hast done, and thy thoughts which are to us-ward: they cannot be reckoned up in order unto thee: if I would declare and speak of them, they are more than can be numbered.
Psalms 40:15	Let them be desolate for a reward of their shame that say unto me, Aha, aha.
Psalms 41:8	An evil disease, say they, cleaveth fast unto him: and now that he lieth he shall rise up no more.
Psalms 42:5	Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted in me? hope thou in God: for I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance.
Psalms 43:4	Then will I go unto the altar of God, unto God my exceeding joy: yea, upon the harp will I praise thee, O God my God.
Psalms 44:9	But thou hast cast off, and put us to shame; and goest not forth with our armies.
Psalms 44:19	Though thou hast sore broken us in the place of dragons, and covered us with the shadow of death.
Psalms 45:3	Gird thy sword upon thy thigh, O most mighty, with thy glory and thy majesty.
Psalms 45:13	The king's daughter is all glorious within: her clothing is of wrought gold.
Psalms 46:6	The heathen raged, the kingdoms were moved: he uttered his voice, the earth melted.
Psalms 47:5	God is gone up with a shout, the LORD with the sound of a trumpet.
Psalms 48:6	Fear took hold upon them there, and pain, as of a woman in travail.
Psalms 49:2	Both low and high, rich and poor, together.
Psalms 49:12	Nevertheless man being in honour abideth not: he is like the beasts that perish.
Psalms 50:2	Out of Zion, the perfection of beauty, God hath shined.
Psalms 50:12	If I were hungry, I would not tell thee: for the world is mine, and the fulness thereof.
Psalms 50:22	Now consider this, ye that forget God, lest I tear you in pieces, and there be none to deliver.
Psalms 51:9	Hide thy face from my sins, and blot out all mine iniquities.
Psalms 51:19	Then shalt thou be pleased with the sacrifices of righteousness, with burnt offering and whole burnt offering: then shall they offer bullocks upon thine altar.
Psalms 53:1	The fool hath said in his heart, There is no God. Corrupt are they, and have done abominable iniquity: there is none that doeth good.
Psalms 54:5	He shall reward evil unto mine enemies: cut them off in thy truth.
Psalms 55:8	I would hasten my escape from the windy storm and tempest.
Psalms 55:18	He hath delivered my soul in peace from the battle that was against me: for there were many with me.
Psalms 56:5	Every day they wrest my words: all their thoughts are against me for evil.
Psalms 57:2	I will cry unto God most high; unto God that performeth all things for me.
Psalms 58:1	Do ye indeed speak righteousness, O congregation? do ye judge uprightly, O ye sons of men?
Psalms 58:11	So that a man shall say, Verily there is a reward for the righteous: verily he is a God that judgeth in the earth.
Psalms 59:10	The God of my mercy shall prevent me: God shall let me see my desire upon mine enemies.
Psalms 60:3	Thou hast shewed thy people hard things: thou hast made us to drink the wine of astonishment.
Psalms 61:1	Hear my cry, O God; attend unto my prayer.
Psalms 62:3	How long will ye imagine mischief against a man? ye shall be slain all of you: as a bowing wall shall ye be, and as a tottering fence.
Psalms 63:1	O God, thou art my God; early will I seek thee: my soul thirsteth for thee, my flesh longeth for thee in a dry and thirsty land, where no water is;
Psalms 63:11	But the king shall rejoice in God; every one that sweareth by him shall glory: but the mouth of them that speak lies shall be stopped.
Psalms 64:10	The righteous shall be glad in the LORD, and shall trust in him; and all the upright in heart shall glory.
Psalms 65:10	Thou waterest the ridges thereof abundantly: thou settlest the furrows thereof: thou makest it soft with showers: thou blessest the springing thereof.
Psalms 66:7	He ruleth by his power for ever; his eyes behold the nations: let not the rebellious exalt themselves. Selah.
Psalms 66:17	I cried unto him with my mouth, and he was extolled with my tongue.
Psalms 67:7	God shall bless us; and all the ends of the earth shall fear him.
Psalms 68:10	Thy congregation hath dwelt therein: thou, O God, hast prepared of thy goodness for the poor.
Psalms 68:20	He that is our God is the God of salvation; and unto GOD the Lord belong the issues from death.
Psalms 68:30	Rebuke the company of spearmen, the multitude of the bulls, with the calves of the people, till every one submit himself with pieces of silver: scatter thou the people that delight in war.
Psalms 69:5	O God, thou knowest my foolishness; and my sins are not hid from thee.
Psalms 69:15	Let not the waterflood overflow me, neither let the deep swallow me up, and let not the pit shut her mouth upon me.
Psalms 69:25	Let their habitation be desolate; and let none dwell in their tents.
Psalms 69:35	For God will save Zion, and will build the cities of Judah: that they may dwell there, and have it in possession.
Psalms 71:4	Deliver me, O my God, out of the hand of the wicked, out of the hand of the unrighteous and cruel man.
Psalms 71:14	But I will hope continually, and will yet praise thee more and more.
Psalms 71:24	My tongue also shall talk of thy righteousness all the day long: for they are confounded, for they are brought unto shame, that seek my hurt.
Psalms 72:10	The kings of Tarshish and of the isles shall bring presents: the kings of Sheba and Seba shall offer gifts.
Psalms 72:20	The prayers of David the son of Jesse are ended.
Psalms 73:10	Therefore his people return hither: and waters of a full cup are wrung out to them.
Psalms 73:20	As a dream when one awaketh; so, O Lord, when thou awakest, thou shalt despise their image.
Psalms 74:2	Remember thy congregation, which thou hast purchased of old; the rod of thine inheritance, which thou hast redeemed; this mount Zion, wherein thou hast dwelt.
Psalms 74:12	For God is my King of old, working salvation in the midst of the earth.
Psalms 74:22	Arise, O God, plead thine own cause: remember how the foolish man reproacheth thee daily.
Psalms 75:9	But I will declare for ever; I will sing praises to the God of Jacob.
Psalms 76:9	When God arose to judgment, to save all the meek of the earth. Selah.
Psalms 77:7	Will the Lord cast off for ever? and will he be favourable no more?
Psalms 77:17	The clouds poured out water: the skies sent out a sound: thine arrows also went abroad.
Psalms 78:7	That they might set their hope in God, and not forget the works of God, but keep his commandments:
Psalms 78:17	And they sinned yet more against him by provoking the most High in the wilderness.
Psalms 78:27	He rained flesh also upon them as dust, and feathered fowls like as the sand of the sea:
Psalms 78:37	For their heart was not right with him, neither were they stedfast in his covenant.
Psalms 78:47	He destroyed their vines with hail, and their sycomore trees with frost.
Psalms 78:57	But turned back, and dealt unfaithfully like their fathers: they were turned aside like a deceitful bow.
Psalms 78:67	Moreover he refused the tabernacle of Joseph, and chose not the tribe of Ephraim:
Psalms 79:5	How long, LORD? wilt thou be angry for ever? shall thy jealousy burn like fire?
Psalms 80:2	Before Ephraim and Benjamin and Manasseh stir up thy strength, and come and save us.
Psalms 80:12	Why hast thou then broken down her hedges, so that all they which pass by the way do pluck her?
Psalms 81:3	Blow up the trumpet in the new moon, in the time appointed, on our solemn feast day.
Psalms 81:13	Oh that my people had hearkened unto me, and Israel had walked in my ways!
Psalms 82:7	But ye shall die like men, and fall like one of the princes.
Psalms 83:9	Do unto them as unto the Midianites; as to Sisera, as to Jabin, at the brook of Kison:
Psalms 84:1	How amiable are thy tabernacles, O LORD of hosts!
Psalms 84:11	For the LORD God is a sun and shield: the LORD will give grace and glory: no good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly.
Psalms 85:9	Surely his salvation is nigh them that fear him; that glory may dwell in our land.
Psalms 86:6	Give ear, O LORD, unto my prayer; and attend to the voice of my supplications.
Psalms 86:16	O turn unto me, and have mercy upon me; give thy strength unto thy servant, and save the son of thine handmaid.
Psalms 88:2	Let my prayer come before thee: incline thine ear unto my cry;
Psalms 88:12	Shall thy wonders be known in the dark? and thy righteousness in the land of forgetfulness?
Psalms 89:4	Thy seed will I establish for ever, and build up thy throne to all generations. Selah.
Psalms 89:14	Justice and judgment are the habitation of thy throne: mercy and truth shall go before thy face.
Psalms 89:24	But my faithfulness and my mercy shall be with him: and in my name shall his horn be exalted.
Psalms 89:34	My covenant will I not break, nor alter the thing that is gone out of my lips.
Psalms 89:44	Thou hast made his glory to cease, and cast his throne down to the ground.
Psalms 90:2	Before the mountains were brought forth, or ever thou hadst formed the earth and the world, even from everlasting to everlasting, thou art God.
Psalms 90:12	So teach us to number our days, that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom.
Psalms 91:5	Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night; nor for the arrow that flieth by day;
Psalms 91:15	He shall call upon me, and I will answer him: I will be with him in trouble; I will deliver him, and honour him.
Psalms 92:9	For, lo, thine enemies, O LORD, for, lo, thine enemies shall perish; all the workers of iniquity shall be scattered.
Psalms 93:4	The LORD on high is mightier than the noise of many waters, yea, than the mighty waves of the sea.
Psalms 94:9	He that planted the ear, shall he not hear? he that formed the eye, shall he not see?
Psalms 94:19	In the multitude of my thoughts within me thy comforts delight my soul.
Psalms 95:6	O come, let us worship and bow down: let us kneel before the LORD our maker.
Psalms 96:5	For all the gods of the nations are idols: but the LORD made the heavens.
Psalms 97:2	Clouds and darkness are round about him: righteousness and judgment are the habitation of his throne.
Psalms 97:12	Rejoice in the LORD, ye righteous; and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness.
Psalms 99:1	The LORD reigneth; let the people tremble: he sitteth between the cherubims; let the earth be moved.
Psalms 100:2	Serve the LORD with gladness: come before his presence with singing.
Psalms 101:7	He that worketh deceit shall not dwell within my house: he that telleth lies shall not tarry in my sight.
Psalms 102:9	For I have eaten ashes like bread, and mingled my drink with weeping.
Psalms 102:19	For he hath looked down from the height of his sanctuary; from heaven did the LORD behold the earth;
Psalms 103:1	Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name.
Psalms 103:11	For as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him.
Psalms 103:21	Bless ye the LORD, all ye his hosts; ye ministers of his, that do his pleasure.
Psalms 104:9	Thou hast set a bound that they may not pass over; that they turn not again to cover the earth.
Psalms 104:19	He appointed the moon for seasons: the sun knoweth his going down.
Psalms 104:29	Thou hidest thy face, they are troubled: thou takest away their breath, they die, and return to their dust.
Psalms 105:4	Seek the LORD, and his strength: seek his face evermore.
Psalms 105:14	He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes;
Psalms 105:24	And he increased his people greatly; and made them stronger than their enemies.
Psalms 105:34	He spake, and the locusts came, and caterpillers, and that without number,
Psalms 105:44	And gave them the lands of the heathen: and they inherited the labour of the people;
Psalms 106:9	He rebuked the Red sea also, and it was dried up: so he led them through the depths, as through the wilderness.
Psalms 106:19	They made a calf in Horeb, and worshipped the molten image.
Psalms 106:29	Thus they provoked him to anger with their inventions: and the plague brake in upon them.
Psalms 106:39	Thus were they defiled with their own works, and went a whoring with their own inventions.
Psalms 107:1	O give thanks unto the LORD, for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 107:11	Because they rebelled against the words of God, and contemned the counsel of the most High:
Psalms 107:21	Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!
Psalms 107:31	Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!
Psalms 107:41	Yet setteth he the poor on high from affliction, and maketh him families like a flock.
Psalms 108:8	Gilead is mine; Manasseh is mine; Ephraim also is the strength of mine head; Judah is my lawgiver;
Psalms 109:5	And they have rewarded me evil for good, and hatred for my love.
Psalms 109:15	Let them be before the LORD continually, that he may cut off the memory of them from the earth.
Psalms 109:25	I became also a reproach unto them: when they looked upon me they shaked their heads.
Psalms 110:4	The LORD hath sworn, and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchizedek.
Psalms 111:7	The works of his hands are verity and judgment; all his commandments are sure.
Psalms 112:7	He shall not be afraid of evil tidings: his heart is fixed, trusting in the LORD.
Psalms 113:7	He raiseth up the poor out of the dust, and lifteth the needy out of the dunghill;
Psalms 114:8	Which turned the rock into a standing water, the flint into a fountain of waters.
Psalms 115:10	O house of Aaron, trust in the LORD: he is their help and their shield.
Psalms 116:2	Because he hath inclined his ear unto me, therefore will I call upon him as long as I live.
Psalms 116:12	What shall I render unto the LORD for all his benefits toward me?
Psalms 118:1	O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: because his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 118:11	They compassed me about; yea, they compassed me about: but in the name of the LORD I will destroy them.
Psalms 118:21	I will praise thee: for thou hast heard me, and art become my salvation.
Psalms 119:2	Blessed are they that keep his testimonies, and that seek him with the whole heart.
Psalms 119:12	Blessed art thou, O LORD: teach me thy statutes.
Psalms 119:22	Remove from me reproach and contempt; for I have kept thy testimonies.
Psalms 119:32	I will run the way of thy commandments, when thou shalt enlarge my heart.
Psalms 119:42	So shall I have wherewith to answer him that reproacheth me: for I trust in thy word.
Psalms 119:52	I remembered thy judgments of old, O LORD; and have comforted myself.
Psalms 119:62	At midnight I will rise to give thanks unto thee because of thy righteous judgments.
Psalms 119:72	The law of thy mouth is better unto me than thousands of gold and silver.
Psalms 119:82	Mine eyes fail for thy word, saying, When wilt thou comfort me?
Psalms 119:92	Unless thy law had been my delights, I should then have perished in mine affliction.
Psalms 119:102	I have not departed from thy judgments: for thou hast taught me.
Psalms 119:112	I have inclined mine heart to perform thy statutes alway, even unto the end.
Psalms 119:122	Be surety for thy servant for good: let not the proud oppress me.
Psalms 119:132	Look thou upon me, and be merciful unto me, as thou usest to do unto those that love thy name.
Psalms 119:142	Thy righteousness is an everlasting righteousness, and thy law is the truth.
Psalms 119:152	Concerning thy testimonies, I have known of old that thou hast founded them for ever.
Psalms 119:162	I rejoice at thy word, as one that findeth great spoil.
Psalms 119:172	My tongue shall speak of thy word: for all thy commandments are righteousness.
Psalms 120:6	My soul hath long dwelt with him that hateth peace.
Psalms 122:1	I was glad when they said unto me, Let us go into the house of the LORD.
Psalms 123:2	Behold, as the eyes of servants look unto the hand of their masters, and as the eyes of a maiden unto the hand of her mistress; so our eyes wait upon the LORD our God, until that he have mercy upon us.
Psalms 124:8	Our help is in the name of the LORD, who made heaven and earth.
Psalms 126:5	They that sow in tears shall reap in joy.
Psalms 128:4	Behold, that thus shall the man be blessed that feareth the LORD.
Psalms 129:8	Neither do they which go by say, The blessing of the LORD be upon you: we bless you in the name of the LORD.
Psalms 131:2	Surely I have behaved and quieted myself, as a child that is weaned of his mother: my soul is even as a weaned child.
Psalms 132:9	Let thy priests be clothed with righteousness; and let thy saints shout for joy.
Psalms 133:1	Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity!
Psalms 135:5	For I know that the LORD is great, and that our Lord is above all gods.
Psalms 135:15	The idols of the heathen are silver and gold, the work of men's hands.
Psalms 136:4	To him who alone doeth great wonders: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 136:14	And made Israel to pass through the midst of it: for his mercy endureth for ever:
Psalms 136:24	And hath redeemed us from our enemies: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 137:8	O daughter of Babylon, who art to be destroyed; happy shall he be, that rewardeth thee as thou hast served us.
Psalms 139:1	O lord, thou hast searched me, and known me.
Psalms 139:11	If I say, Surely the darkness shall cover me; even the night shall be light about me.
Psalms 139:21	Do not I hate them, O LORD, that hate thee? and am not I grieved with those that rise up against thee?
Psalms 140:7	O GOD the Lord, the strength of my salvation, thou hast covered my head in the day of battle.
Psalms 141:4	Incline not my heart to any evil thing, to practise wicked works with men that work iniquity: and let me not eat of their dainties.
Psalms 142:4	I looked on my right hand, and beheld, but there was no man that would know me: refuge failed me; no man cared for my soul.
Psalms 143:7	Hear me speedily, O LORD: my spirit faileth: hide not thy face from me, lest I be like unto them that go down into the pit.
Psalms 144:5	Bow thy heavens, O LORD, and come down: touch the mountains, and they shall smoke.
Psalms 144:15	Happy is that people, that is in such a case: yea, happy is that people, whose God is the LORD.
Psalms 145:10	All thy works shall praise thee, O LORD; and thy saints shall bless thee.
Psalms 145:20	The LORD preserveth all them that love him: but all the wicked will he destroy.
Psalms 146:9	The LORD preserveth the strangers; he relieveth the fatherless and widow: but the way of the wicked he turneth upside down.
Psalms 147:9	He giveth to the beast his food, and to the young ravens which cry.
Psalms 147:19	He sheweth his word unto Jacob, his statutes and his judgments unto Israel.
Psalms 148:9	Mountains, and all hills; fruitful trees, and all cedars:
Psalms 149:5	Let the saints be joyful in glory: let them sing aloud upon their beds.
Psalms 150:6	Let every thing that hath breath praise the LORD. Praise ye the LORD.
Proverbs 1:10	My son, if sinners entice thee, consent thou not.
Proverbs 1:20	Wisdom crieth without; she uttereth her voice in the streets:
Proverbs 1:30	They would none of my counsel: they despised all my reproof.
Proverbs 2:7	He layeth up sound wisdom for the righteous: he is a buckler to them that walk uprightly.
Proverbs 2:17	Which forsaketh the guide of her youth, and forgetteth the covenant of her God.
Proverbs 3:5	Trust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding.
Proverbs 3:15	She is more precious than rubies: and all the things thou canst desire are not to be compared unto her.
Proverbs 3:25	Be not afraid of sudden fear, neither of the desolation of the wicked, when it cometh.
Proverbs 3:35	The wise shall inherit glory: but shame shall be the promotion of fools.
Proverbs 4:10	Hear, O my son, and receive my sayings; and the years of thy life shall be many.
Proverbs 4:20	My son, attend to my words; incline thine ear unto my sayings.
Proverbs 5:3	For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and her mouth is smoother than oil:
Proverbs 5:13	And have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined mine ear to them that instructed me!
Proverbs 5:23	He shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray.
Proverbs 6:10	Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep:
Proverbs 6:20	My son, keep thy father's commandment, and forsake not the law of thy mother:
Proverbs 6:30	Men do not despise a thief, if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is hungry;
Proverbs 7:5	That they may keep thee from the strange woman, from the stranger which flattereth with her words.
Proverbs 7:15	Therefore came I forth to meet thee, diligently to seek thy face, and I have found thee.
Proverbs 7:25	Let not thine heart decline to her ways, go not astray in her paths.
Proverbs 8:8	All the words of my mouth are in righteousness; there is nothing froward or perverse in them.
Proverbs 8:18	Riches and honour are with me; yea, durable riches and righteousness.
Proverbs 8:28	When he established the clouds above: when he strengthened the fountains of the deep:
Proverbs 9:2	She hath killed her beasts; she hath mingled her wine; she hath also furnished her table.
Proverbs 9:12	If thou be wise, thou shalt be wise for thyself: but if thou scornest, thou alone shalt bear it.
Proverbs 10:4	He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand: but the hand of the diligent maketh rich.
Proverbs 10:14	Wise men lay up knowledge: but the mouth of the foolish is near destruction.
Proverbs 10:24	The fear of the wicked, it shall come upon him: but the desire of the righteous shall be granted.
Proverbs 11:2	When pride cometh, then cometh shame: but with the lowly is wisdom.
Proverbs 11:12	He that is void of wisdom despiseth his neighbour: but a man of understanding holdeth his peace.
Proverbs 11:22	As a jewel of gold in a swine's snout, so is a fair woman which is without discretion.
Proverbs 12:1	Whoso loveth instruction loveth knowledge: but he that hateth reproof is brutish.
Proverbs 12:11	He that tilleth his land shall be satisfied with bread: but he that followeth vain persons is void of understanding.
Proverbs 12:21	There shall no evil happen to the just: but the wicked shall be filled with mischief.
Proverbs 13:3	He that keepeth his mouth keepeth his life: but he that openeth wide his lips shall have destruction.
Proverbs 13:13	Whoso despiseth the word shall be destroyed: but he that feareth the commandment shall be rewarded.
Proverbs 13:23	Much food is in the tillage of the poor: but there is that is destroyed for want of judgment.
Proverbs 14:8	The wisdom of the prudent is to understand his way: but the folly of fools is deceit.
Proverbs 14:18	The simple inherit folly: but the prudent are crowned with knowledge.
Proverbs 14:28	In the multitude of people is the king's honour: but in the want of people is the destruction of the prince.
Proverbs 15:3	The eyes of the LORD are in every place, beholding the evil and the good.
Proverbs 15:13	A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance: but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is broken.
Proverbs 15:23	A man hath joy by the answer of his mouth: and a word spoken in due season, how good is it!
Proverbs 15:33	The fear of the LORD is the instruction of wisdom; and before honour is humility.
Proverbs 16:10	A divine sentence is in the lips of the king: his mouth transgresseth not in judgment.
Proverbs 16:20	He that handleth a matter wisely shall find good: and whoso trusteth in the LORD, happy is he.
Proverbs 16:30	He shutteth his eyes to devise froward things: moving his lips he bringeth evil to pass.
Proverbs 17:7	Excellent speech becometh not a fool: much less do lying lips a prince.
Proverbs 17:17	A friend loveth at all times, and a brother is born for adversity.
Proverbs 17:27	He that hath knowledge spareth his words: and a man of understanding is of an excellent spirit.
Proverbs 18:9	He also that is slothful in his work is brother to him that is a great waster.
Proverbs 18:19	A brother offended is harder to be won than a strong city: and their contentions are like the bars of a castle.
Proverbs 19:5	A false witness shall not be unpunished, and he that speaketh lies shall not escape.
Proverbs 19:15	Slothfulness casteth into a deep sleep; and an idle soul shall suffer hunger.
Proverbs 19:25	Smite a scorner, and the simple will beware: and reprove one that hath understanding, and he will understand knowledge.
Proverbs 20:6	Most men will proclaim every one his own goodness: but a faithful man who can find?
Proverbs 20:16	Take his garment that is surety for a stranger: and take a pledge of him for a strange woman.
Proverbs 20:26	A wise king scattereth the wicked, and bringeth the wheel over them.
Proverbs 21:6	The getting of treasures by a lying tongue is a vanity tossed to and fro of them that seek death.
Proverbs 21:16	The man that wandereth out of the way of understanding shall remain in the congregation of the dead.
Proverbs 21:26	He coveteth greedily all the day long: but the righteous giveth and spareth not.
Proverbs 22:5	Thorns and snares are in the way of the froward: he that doth keep his soul shall be far from them.
Proverbs 22:15	Foolishness is bound in the heart of a child; but the rod of correction shall drive it far from him.
Proverbs 22:25	Lest thou learn his ways, and get a snare to thy soul.
Proverbs 23:6	Eat thou not the bread of him that hath an evil eye, neither desire thou his dainty meats:
Proverbs 23:16	Yea, my reins shall rejoice, when thy lips speak right things.
Proverbs 23:26	My son, give me thine heart, and let thine eyes observe my ways.
Proverbs 24:1	Be not thou envious against evil men, neither desire to be with them.
Proverbs 24:11	If thou forbear to deliver them that are drawn unto death, and those that are ready to be slain;
Proverbs 24:21	My son, fear thou the LORD and the king: and meddle not with them that are given to change:
Proverbs 24:31	And, lo, it was all grown over with thorns, and nettles had covered the face thereof, and the stone wall thereof was broken down.
Proverbs 25:7	For better it is that it be said unto thee, Come up hither; than that thou shouldest be put lower in the presence of the prince whom thine eyes have seen.
Proverbs 25:17	Withdraw thy foot from thy neighbour's house; lest he be weary of thee, and so hate thee.
Proverbs 25:27	It is not good to eat much honey: so for men to search their own glory is not glory.
Proverbs 26:9	As a thorn goeth up into the hand of a drunkard, so is a parable in the mouths of fools.
Proverbs 26:19	So is the man that deceiveth his neighbour, and saith, Am not I in sport?
Proverbs 27:1	Boast not thyself of to morrow; for thou knowest not what a day may bring forth.
Proverbs 27:11	My son, be wise, and make my heart glad, that I may answer him that reproacheth me.
Proverbs 27:21	As the fining pot for silver, and the furnace for gold; so is a man to his praise.
Proverbs 28:4	They that forsake the law praise the wicked: but such as keep the law contend with them.
Proverbs 28:14	Happy is the man that feareth alway: but he that hardeneth his heart shall fall into mischief.
Proverbs 28:24	Whoso robbeth his father or his mother, and saith, It is no transgression; the same is the companion of a destroyer.
Proverbs 29:6	In the transgression of an evil man there is a snare: but the righteous doth sing and rejoice.
Proverbs 29:16	When the wicked are multiplied, transgression increaseth: but the righteous shall see their fall.
Proverbs 29:26	Many seek the ruler's favour; but every man's judgment cometh from the LORD.
Proverbs 30:9	Lest I be full, and deny thee, and say, Who is the LORD? or lest I be poor, and steal, and take the name of my God in vain.
Proverbs 30:19	The way of an eagle in the air; the way of a serpent upon a rock; the way of a ship in the midst of the sea; and the way of a man with a maid.
Proverbs 30:29	There be three things which go well, yea, four are comely in going:
Proverbs 31:6	Give strong drink unto him that is ready to perish, and wine unto those that be of heavy hearts.
Proverbs 31:16	She considereth a field, and buyeth it: with the fruit of her hands she planteth a vineyard.
Proverbs 31:26	She openeth her mouth with wisdom; and in her tongue is the law of kindness.
Ecclesiastes 1:5	The sun also ariseth, and the sun goeth down, and hasteth to his place where he arose.
Ecclesiastes 1:15	That which is crooked cannot be made straight: and that which is wanting cannot be numbered.
Ecclesiastes 2:7	I got me servants and maidens, and had servants born in my house; also I had great possessions of great and small cattle above all that were in Jerusalem before me:
Ecclesiastes 2:17	Therefore I hated life; because the work that is wrought under the sun is grievous unto me: for all is vanity and vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 3:1	To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven:
Ecclesiastes 3:11	He hath made every thing beautiful in his time: also he hath set the world in their heart, so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end.
Ecclesiastes 3:21	Who knoweth the spirit of man that goeth upward, and the spirit of the beast that goeth downward to the earth?
Ecclesiastes 4:9	Two are better than one; because they have a good reward for their labour.
Ecclesiastes 5:3	For a dream cometh through the multitude of business; and a fool's voice is known by multitude of words.
Ecclesiastes 5:13	There is a sore evil which I have seen under the sun, namely, riches kept for the owners thereof to their hurt.
Ecclesiastes 6:3	If a man beget an hundred children, and live many years, so that the days of his years be many, and his soul be not filled with good, and also that he have no burial; I say, that an untimely birth is better than he.
Ecclesiastes 7:1	A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one's birth.
Ecclesiastes 7:11	Wisdom is good with an inheritance: and by it there is profit to them that see the sun.
Ecclesiastes 7:21	Also take no heed unto all words that are spoken; lest thou hear thy servant curse thee:
Ecclesiastes 8:2	I counsel thee to keep the king's commandment, and that in regard of the oath of God.
Ecclesiastes 8:12	Though a sinner do evil an hundred times, and his days be prolonged, yet surely I know that it shall be well with them that fear God, which fear before him:
Ecclesiastes 9:5	For the living know that they shall die: but the dead know not any thing, neither have they any more a reward; for the memory of them is forgotten.
Ecclesiastes 9:15	Now there was found in it a poor wise man, and he by his wisdom delivered the city; yet no man remembered that same poor man.
Ecclesiastes 10:7	I have seen servants upon horses, and princes walking as servants upon the earth.
Ecclesiastes 10:17	Blessed art thou, O land, when thy king is the son of nobles, and thy princes eat in due season, for strength, and not for drunkenness!
Ecclesiastes 11:7	Truly the light is sweet, and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun:
Ecclesiastes 12:7	Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was: and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it.
Song of Solomon 1:3	Because of the savour of thy good ointments thy name is as ointment poured forth, therefore do the virgins love thee.
Song of Solomon 1:13	A bundle of myrrh is my well-beloved unto me; he shall lie all night betwixt my breasts.
Song of Solomon 2:6	His left hand is under my head, and his right hand doth embrace me.
Song of Solomon 2:16	My beloved is mine, and I am his: he feedeth among the lilies.
Song of Solomon 3:9	King Solomon made himself a chariot of the wood of Lebanon.
Song of Solomon 4:8	Come with me from Lebanon, my spouse, with me from Lebanon: look from the top of Amana, from the top of Shenir and Hermon, from the lions' dens, from the mountains of the leopards.
Song of Solomon 5:2	I sleep, but my heart waketh: it is the voice of my beloved that knocketh, saying, Open to me, my sister, my love, my dove, my undefiled: for my head is filled with dew, and my locks with the drops of the night.
Song of Solomon 5:12	His eyes are as the eyes of doves by the rivers of waters, washed with milk, and fitly set.
Song of Solomon 6:6	Thy teeth are as a flock of sheep which go up from the washing, whereof every one beareth twins, and there is not one barren among them.
Song of Solomon 7:3	Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins.
Song of Solomon 7:13	The mandrakes give a smell, and at our gates are all manner of pleasant fruits, new and old, which I have laid up for thee, O my beloved.
Song of Solomon 8:10	I am a wall, and my breasts like towers: then was I in his eyes as one that found favour.
Isaiah 1:6	From the sole of the foot even unto the head there is no soundness in it; but wounds, and bruises, and putrifying sores: they have not been closed, neither bound up, neither mollified with ointment.
Isaiah 1:16	Wash you, make you clean; put away the evil of your doings from before mine eyes; cease to do evil;
Isaiah 1:26	And I will restore thy judges as at the first, and thy counsellors as at the beginning: afterward thou shalt be called, The city of righteousness, the faithful city.
Isaiah 2:5	O house of Jacob, come ye, and let us walk in the light of the LORD.
Isaiah 2:15	And upon every high tower, and upon every fenced wall,
Isaiah 3:3	The captain of fifty, and the honourable man, and the counsellor, and the cunning artificer, and the eloquent orator.
Isaiah 3:13	The LORD standeth up to plead, and standeth to judge the people.
Isaiah 3:23	The glasses, and the fine linen, and the hoods, and the vails.
Isaiah 5:1	Now will I sing to my wellbeloved a song of my beloved touching his vineyard. My wellbeloved hath a vineyard in a very fruitful hill:
Isaiah 5:11	Woe unto them that rise up early in the morning, that they may follow strong drink; that continue until night, till wine inflame them!
Isaiah 5:21	Woe unto them that are wise in their own eyes, and prudent in their own sight!
Isaiah 6:1	In the year that king Uzziah died I saw also the LORD sitting upon a throne, high and lifted up, and his train filled the temple.
Isaiah 6:11	Then said I, Lord, how long? And he answered, Until the cities be wasted without inhabitant, and the houses without man, and the land be utterly desolate,
Isaiah 7:8	For the head of Syria is Damascus, and the head of Damascus is Rezin; and within threescore and five years shall Ephraim be broken, that it be not a people.
Isaiah 7:18	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall hiss for the fly that is in the uttermost part of the rivers of Egypt, and for the bee that is in the land of Assyria.
Isaiah 8:3	And I went unto the prophetess; and she conceived, and bare a son. Then said the LORD to me, Call his name Mahershalalhashbaz.
Isaiah 8:13	Sanctify the LORD of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread.
Isaiah 9:1	Nevertheless the dimness shall not be such as was in her vexation, when at the first he lightly afflicted the land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtali, and afterward did more grievously afflict her by the way of the sea, beyond Jordan, in Galilee of the nations.
Isaiah 9:11	Therefore the LORD shall set up the adversaries of Rezin against him, and join his enemies together;
Isaiah 9:21	Manasseh, Ephraim; and Ephraim, Manasseh: and they together shall be against Judah. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.
Isaiah 10:10	As my hand hath found the kingdoms of the idols, and whose graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Samaria;
Isaiah 10:20	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the remnant of Israel, and such as are escaped of the house of Jacob, shall no more again stay upon him that smote them; but shall stay upon the LORD, the Holy One of Israel, in truth.
Isaiah 10:30	Lift up thy voice, O daughter of Gallim: cause it to be heard unto Laish, O poor Anathoth.
Isaiah 11:6	The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie down with the kid; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together; and a little child shall lead them.
Isaiah 11:16	And there shall be an highway for the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from Assyria; like as it was to Israel in the day that he came up out of the land of Egypt.
Isaiah 13:4	The noise of a multitude in the mountains, like as of a great people; a tumultuous noise of the kingdoms of nations gathered together: the LORD of hosts mustereth the host of the battle.
Isaiah 13:14	And it shall be as the chased roe, and as a sheep that no man taketh up: they shall every man turn to his own people, and flee every one into his own land.
Isaiah 14:2	And the people shall take them, and bring them to their place: and the house of Israel shall possess them in the land of the LORD for servants and handmaids: and they shall take them captives, whose captives they were; and they shall rule over their oppressors.
Isaiah 14:12	How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning! how art thou cut down to the ground, which didst weaken the nations!
Isaiah 14:22	For I will rise up against them, saith the LORD of hosts, and cut off from Babylon the name, and remnant, and son, and nephew, saith the LORD.
Isaiah 14:32	What shall one then answer the messengers of the nation? That the LORD hath founded Zion, and the poor of his people shall trust in it.
Isaiah 16:1	Send ye the lamb to the ruler of the land from Sela to the wilderness, unto the mount of the daughter of Zion.
Isaiah 16:11	Wherefore my bowels shall sound like an harp for Moab, and mine inward parts for Kirharesh.
Isaiah 17:7	At that day shall a man look to his Maker, and his eyes shall have respect to the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 18:3	All ye inhabitants of the world, and dwellers on the earth, see ye, when he lifteth up an ensign on the mountains; and when he bloweth a trumpet, hear ye.
Isaiah 19:6	And they shall turn the rivers far away; and the brooks of defence shall be emptied and dried up: the reeds and flags shall wither.
Isaiah 19:16	In that day shall Egypt be like unto women: and it shall be afraid and fear because of the shaking of the hand of the LORD of hosts, which he shaketh over it.
Isaiah 20:1	In the year that Tartan came unto Ashdod, (when Sargon the king of Assyria sent him,) and fought against Ashdod, and took it;
Isaiah 21:5	Prepare the table, watch in the watchtower, eat, drink: arise, ye princes, and anoint the shield.
Isaiah 21:15	For they fled from the swords, from the drawn sword, and from the bent bow, and from the grievousness of war.
Isaiah 22:8	And he discovered the covering of Judah, and thou didst look in that day to the armour of the house of the forest.
Isaiah 22:18	He will surely violently turn and toss thee like a ball into a large country: there shalt thou die, and there the chariots of thy glory shall be the shame of thy lord's house.
Isaiah 23:3	And by great waters the seed of Sihor, the harvest of the river, is her revenue; and she is a mart of nations.
Isaiah 23:13	Behold the land of the Chaldeans; this people was not, till the Assyrian founded it for them that dwell in the wilderness: they set up the towers thereof, they raised up the palaces thereof; and he brought it to ruin.
Isaiah 24:5	The earth also is defiled under the inhabitants thereof; because they have transgressed the laws, changed the ordinance, broken the everlasting covenant.
Isaiah 24:15	Wherefore glorify ye the LORD in the fires, even the name of the LORD God of Israel in the isles of the sea.
Isaiah 25:2	For thou hast made of a city an heap; of a defenced city a ruin: a palace of strangers to be no city; it shall never be built.
Isaiah 25:12	And the fortress of the high fort of thy walls shall he bring down, lay low, and bring to the ground, even to the dust.
Isaiah 26:10	Let favour be shewed to the wicked, yet will he not learn righteousness: in the land of uprightness will he deal unjustly, and will not behold the majesty of the LORD.
Isaiah 26:20	Come, my people, enter thou into thy chambers, and shut thy doors about thee: hide thyself as it were for a little moment, until the indignation be overpast.
Isaiah 27:9	By this therefore shall the iniquity of Jacob be purged; and this is all the fruit to take away his sin; when he maketh all the stones of the altar as chalkstones that are beaten in sunder, the groves and images shall not stand up.
Isaiah 28:6	And for a spirit of judgment to him that sitteth in judgment, and for strength to them that turn the battle to the gate.
Isaiah 28:16	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD, Behold, I lay in Zion for a foundation a stone, a tried stone, a precious corner stone, a sure foundation: he that believeth shall not make haste.
Isaiah 28:26	For his God doth instruct him to discretion, and doth teach him.
Isaiah 29:7	And the multitude of all the nations that fight against Ariel, even all that fight against her and her munition, and that distress her, shall be as a dream of a night vision.
Isaiah 29:17	Is it not yet a very little while, and Lebanon shall be turned into a fruitful field, and the fruitful field shall be esteemed as a forest?
Isaiah 30:3	Therefore shall the strength of Pharaoh be your shame, and the trust in the shadow of Egypt your confusion.
Isaiah 30:13	Therefore this iniquity shall be to you as a breach ready to fall, swelling out in a high wall, whose breaking cometh suddenly at an instant.
Isaiah 30:23	Then shall he give the rain of thy seed, that thou shalt sow the ground withal; and bread of the increase of the earth, and it shall be fat and plenteous: in that day shall thy cattle feed in large pastures.
Isaiah 30:33	For Tophet is ordained of old; yea, for the king it is prepared; he hath made it deep and large: the pile thereof is fire and much wood; the breath of the LORD, like a stream of brimstone, doth kindle it.
Isaiah 32:1	Behold, a king shall reign in righteousness, and princes shall rule in judgment.
Isaiah 32:11	Tremble, ye women that are at ease; be troubled, ye careless ones: strip you, and make you bare, and gird sackcloth upon your loins.
Isaiah 33:1	Woe to thee that spoilest, and thou wast not spoiled; and dealest treacherously, and they dealt not treacherously with thee! when thou shalt cease to spoil, thou shalt be spoiled; and when thou shalt make an end to deal treacherously, they shall deal treacherously with thee.
Isaiah 33:11	Ye shall conceive chaff, ye shall bring forth stubble: your breath, as fire, shall devour you.
Isaiah 33:21	But there the glorious LORD will be unto us a place of broad rivers and streams; wherein shall go no galley with oars, neither shall gallant ship pass thereby.
Isaiah 34:7	And the unicorns shall come down with them, and the bullocks with the bulls; and their land shall be soaked with blood, and their dust made fat with fatness.
Isaiah 34:17	And he hath cast the lot for them, and his hand hath divided it unto them by line: they shall possess it for ever, from generation to generation shall they dwell therein.
Isaiah 35:10	And the ransomed of the LORD shall return, and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads: they shall obtain joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away.
Isaiah 36:10	And am I now come up without the LORD against this land to destroy it? the LORD said unto me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.
Isaiah 36:20	Who are they among all the gods of these lands, that have delivered their land out of my hand, that the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of my hand?
Isaiah 37:8	So Rabshakeh returned, and found the king of Assyria warring against Libnah: for he had heard that he was departed from Lachish.
Isaiah 37:18	Of a truth, LORD, the kings of Assyria have laid waste all the nations, and their countries,
Isaiah 37:28	But I know thy abode, and thy going out, and thy coming in, and thy rage against me.
Isaiah 37:38	And it came to pass, as he was worshipping in the house of Nisroch his god, that Adrammelech and Sharezer his sons smote him with the sword; and they escaped into the land of Armenia: and Esarhaddon his son reigned in his stead.
Isaiah 38:10	I said in the cutting off of my days, I shall go to the gates of the grave: I am deprived of the residue of my years.
Isaiah 38:20	The LORD was ready to save me: therefore we will sing my songs to the stringed instruments all the days of our life in the house of the LORD.
Isaiah 39:8	Then said Hezekiah to Isaiah, Good is the word of the LORD which thou hast spoken. He said moreover, For there shall be peace and truth in my days.
Isaiah 40:10	Behold, the Lord GOD will come with strong hand, and his arm shall rule for him: behold, his reward is with him, and his work before him.
Isaiah 40:20	He that is so impoverished that he hath no oblation chooseth a tree that will not rot; he seeketh unto him a cunning workman to prepare a graven image, that shall not be moved.
Isaiah 40:30	Even the youths shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall:
Isaiah 41:9	Thou whom I have taken from the ends of the earth, and called thee from the chief men thereof, and said unto thee, Thou art my servant; I have chosen thee, and not cast thee away.
Isaiah 41:19	I will plant in the wilderness the cedar, the shittah tree, and the myrtle, and the oil tree; I will set in the desert the fir tree, and the pine, and the box tree together:
Isaiah 41:29	Behold, they are all vanity; their works are nothing: their molten images are wind and confusion.
Isaiah 42:10	Sing unto the LORD a new song, and his praise from the end of the earth, ye that go down to the sea, and all that is therein; the isles, and the inhabitants thereof.
Isaiah 42:20	Seeing many things, but thou observest not; opening the ears, but he heareth not.
Isaiah 43:5	Fear not: for I am with thee: I will bring thy seed from the east, and gather thee from the west;
Isaiah 43:15	I am the LORD, your Holy One, the creator of Israel, your King.
Isaiah 43:25	I, even I, am he that blotteth out thy transgressions for mine own sake, and will not remember thy sins.
Isaiah 44:7	And who, as I, shall call, and shall declare it, and set it in order for me, since I appointed the ancient people? and the things that are coming, and shall come, let them shew unto them.
Isaiah 44:17	And the residue thereof he maketh a god, even his graven image: he falleth down unto it, and worshippeth it, and prayeth unto it, and saith, Deliver me; for thou art my god.
Isaiah 44:27	That saith to the deep, Be dry, and I will dry up thy rivers:
Isaiah 45:9	Woe unto him that striveth with his Maker! Let the potsherd strive with the potsherds of the earth. Shall the clay say to him that fashioneth it, What makest thou? or thy work, He hath no hands?
Isaiah 45:19	I have not spoken in secret, in a dark place of the earth: I said not unto the seed of Jacob, Seek ye me in vain: I the LORD speak righteousness, I declare things that are right.
Isaiah 46:4	And even to your old age I am he; and even to hoar hairs will I carry you: I have made, and I will bear; even I will carry, and will deliver you.
Isaiah 47:1	Come down, and sit in the dust, O virgin daughter of Babylon, sit on the ground: there is no throne, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou shalt no more be called tender and delicate.
Isaiah 47:11	Therefore shall evil come upon thee; thou shalt not know from whence it riseth: and mischief shall fall upon thee; thou shalt not be able to put it off: and desolation shall come upon thee suddenly, which thou shalt not know.
Isaiah 48:6	Thou hast heard, see all this; and will not ye declare it? I have shewed thee new things from this time, even hidden things, and thou didst not know them.
Isaiah 48:16	Come ye near unto me, hear ye this; I have not spoken in secret from the beginning; from the time that it was, there am I: and now the Lord GOD, and his Spirit, hath sent me.
Isaiah 49:4	Then I said, I have laboured in vain, I have spent my strength for nought, and in vain: yet surely my judgment is with the LORD, and my work with my God.
Isaiah 49:14	But Zion said, The LORD hath forsaken me, and my Lord hath forgotten me.
Isaiah 49:24	Shall the prey be taken from the mighty, or the lawful captive delivered?
Isaiah 50:8	He is near that justifieth me; who will contend with me? let us stand together: who is mine adversary? let him come near to me.
Isaiah 51:7	Hearken unto me, ye that know righteousness, the people in whose heart is my law; fear ye not the reproach of men, neither be ye afraid of their revilings.
Isaiah 51:17	Awake, awake, stand up, O Jerusalem, which hast drunk at the hand of the LORD the cup of his fury; thou hast drunken the dregs of the cup of trembling, and wrung them out.
Isaiah 52:4	For thus saith the Lord GOD, My people went down aforetime into Egypt to sojourn there; and the Assyrian oppressed them without cause.
Isaiah 52:14	As many were astonied at thee; his visage was so marred more than any man, and his form more than the sons of men:
Isaiah 53:9	And he made his grave with the wicked, and with the rich in his death; because he had done no violence, neither was any deceit in his mouth.
Isaiah 54:7	For a small moment have I forsaken thee; but with great mercies will I gather thee.
Isaiah 54:17	No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the LORD, and their righteousness is of me, saith the LORD.
Isaiah 55:10	For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but watereth the earth, and maketh it bring forth and bud, that it may give seed to the sower, and bread to the eater:
Isaiah 56:7	Even them will I bring to my holy mountain, and make them joyful in my house of prayer: their burnt offerings and their sacrifices shall be accepted upon mine altar; for mine house shall be called an house of prayer for all people.
Isaiah 57:5	Enflaming yourselves with idols under every green tree, slaying the children in the valleys under the clifts of the rocks?
Isaiah 57:15	For thus saith the high and lofty One that inhabiteth eternity, whose name is Holy; I dwell in the high and holy place, with him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit, to revive the spirit of the humble, and to revive the heart of the contrite ones.
Isaiah 58:4	Behold, ye fast for strife and debate, and to smite with the fist of wickedness: ye shall not fast as ye do this day, to make your voice to be heard on high.
Isaiah 58:14	Then shalt thou delight thyself in the LORD; and I will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth, and feed thee with the heritage of Jacob thy father: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.
Isaiah 59:10	We grope for the wall like the blind, and we grope as if we had no eyes: we stumble at noon day as in the night; we are in desolate places as dead men.
Isaiah 59:20	And the Redeemer shall come to Zion, and unto them that turn from transgression in Jacob, saith the LORD.
Isaiah 60:9	Surely the isles shall wait for me, and the ships of Tarshish first, to bring thy sons from far, their silver and their gold with them, unto the name of the LORD thy God, and to the Holy One of Israel, because he hath glorified thee.
Isaiah 60:19	The sun shall be no more thy light by day; neither for brightness shall the moon give light unto thee: but the LORD shall be unto thee an everlasting light, and thy God thy glory.
Isaiah 61:7	For your shame ye shall have double; and for confusion they shall rejoice in their portion: therefore in their land they shall possess the double: everlasting joy shall be unto them.
Isaiah 62:6	I have set watchmen upon thy walls, O Jerusalem, which shall never hold their peace day nor night: ye that make mention of the LORD, keep not silence,
Isaiah 63:4	For the day of vengeance is in mine heart, and the year of my redeemed is come.
Isaiah 63:14	As a beast goeth down into the valley, the Spirit of the LORD caused him to rest: so didst thou lead thy people, to make thyself a glorious name.
Isaiah 64:5	Thou meetest him that rejoiceth and worketh righteousness, those that remember thee in thy ways: behold, thou art wroth; for we have sinned: in those is continuance, and we shall be saved.
Isaiah 65:3	A people that provoketh me to anger continually to my face; that sacrificeth in gardens, and burneth incense upon altars of brick;
Isaiah 65:13	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD, Behold, my servants shall eat, but ye shall be hungry: behold, my servants shall drink, but ye shall be thirsty: behold, my servants shall rejoice, but ye shall be ashamed:
Isaiah 65:23	They shall not labour in vain, nor bring forth for trouble; for they are the seed of the blessed of the LORD, and their offspring with them.
Isaiah 66:8	Who hath heard such a thing? who hath seen such things? Shall the earth be made to bring forth in one day? or shall a nation be born at once? for as soon as Zion travailed, she brought forth her children.
Isaiah 66:18	For I know their works and their thoughts: it shall come, that I will gather all nations and tongues; and they shall come, and see my glory.
Jeremiah 1:4	Then the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Jeremiah 1:14	Then the LORD said unto me, Out of the north an evil shall break forth upon all the inhabitants of the land.
Jeremiah 2:5	Thus saith the LORD, What iniquity have your fathers found in me, that they are gone far from me, and have walked after vanity, and are become vain?
Jeremiah 2:15	The young lions roared upon him, and yelled, and they made his land waste: his cities are burned without inhabitant.
Jeremiah 2:25	Withhold thy foot from being unshod, and thy throat from thirst: but thou saidst, There is no hope: no; for I have loved strangers, and after them will I go.
Jeremiah 2:35	Yet thou sayest, Because I am innocent, surely his anger shall turn from me. Behold, I will plead with thee, because thou sayest, I have not sinned.
Jeremiah 3:8	And I saw, when for all the causes whereby backsliding Israel committed adultery I had put her away, and given her a bill of divorce; yet her treacherous sister Judah feared not, but went and played the harlot also.
Jeremiah 3:18	In those days the house of Judah shall walk with the house of Israel, and they shall come together out of the land of the north to the land that I have given for an inheritance unto your fathers.
Jeremiah 4:3	For thus saith the LORD to the men of Judah and Jerusalem, Break up your fallow ground, and sow not among thorns.
Jeremiah 4:13	Behold, he shall come up as clouds, and his chariots shall be as a whirlwind: his horses are swifter than eagles. Woe unto us! for we are spoiled.
Jeremiah 4:23	I beheld the earth, and, lo, it was without form, and void; and the heavens, and they had no light.
Jeremiah 5:2	And though they say, The LORD liveth; surely they swear falsely.
Jeremiah 5:12	They have belied the LORD, and said, It is not he; neither shall evil come upon us; neither shall we see sword nor famine:
Jeremiah 5:22	Fear ye not me? saith the LORD: will ye not tremble at my presence, which have placed the sand for the bound of the sea by a perpetual decree, that it cannot pass it: and though the waves thereof toss themselves, yet can they not prevail; though they roar, yet can they not pass over it?
Jeremiah 6:1	O ye children of Benjamin, gather yourselves to flee out of the midst of Jerusalem, and blow the trumpet in Tekoa, and set up a sign of fire in Bethhaccerem: for evil appeareth out of the north, and great destruction.
Jeremiah 6:11	Therefore I am full of the fury of the LORD; I am weary with holding in: I will pour it out upon the children abroad, and upon the assembly of young men together: for even the husband with the wife shall be taken, the aged with him that is full of days.
Jeremiah 6:21	Therefore thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will lay stumblingblocks before this people, and the fathers and the sons together shall fall upon them; the neighbour and his friend shall perish.
Jeremiah 7:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,
Jeremiah 7:11	Is this house, which is called by my name, become a den of robbers in your eyes? Behold, even I have seen it, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 7:21	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Put your burnt offerings unto your sacrifices, and eat flesh.
Jeremiah 7:31	And they have built the high places of Tophet, which is in the valley of the son of Hinnom, to burn their sons and their daughters in the fire; which I commanded them not, neither came it into my heart.
Jeremiah 8:7	Yea, the stork in the heaven knoweth her appointed times; and the turtle and the crane and the swallow observe the time of their coming; but my people know not the judgment of the LORD.
Jeremiah 8:17	For, behold, I will send serpents, cockatrices, among you, which will not be charmed, and they shall bite you, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 9:5	And they will deceive every one his neighbour, and will not speak the truth: they have taught their tongue to speak lies, and weary themselves to commit iniquity.
Jeremiah 9:15	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will feed them, even this people, with wormwood, and give them water of gall to drink.
Jeremiah 9:25	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will punish all them which are circumcised with the uncircumcised;
Jeremiah 10:9	Silver spread into plates is brought from Tarshish, and gold from Uphaz, the work of the workman, and of the hands of the founder: blue and purple is their clothing: they are all the work of cunning men.
Jeremiah 10:19	Woe is me for my hurt! my wound is grievous; but I said, Truly this is a grief, and I must bear it.
Jeremiah 11:4	Which I commanded your fathers in the day that I brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, from the iron furnace, saying, Obey my voice, and do them, according to all which I command you: so shall ye be my people, and I will be your God:
Jeremiah 11:14	Therefore pray not thou for this people, neither lift up a cry or prayer for them: for I will not hear them in the time that they cry unto me for their trouble.
Jeremiah 12:1	Righteous art thou, O LORD, when I plead with thee: yet let me talk with thee of thy judgments: Wherefore doth the way of the wicked prosper? wherefore are all they happy that deal very treacherously?
Jeremiah 12:11	They have made it desolate, and being desolate it mourneth unto me; the whole land is made desolate, because no man layeth it to heart.
Jeremiah 13:4	Take the girdle that thou hast got, which is upon thy loins, and arise, go to Euphrates, and hide it there in a hole of the rock.
Jeremiah 13:14	And I will dash them one against another, even the fathers and the sons together, saith the LORD: I will not pity, nor spare, nor have mercy, but destroy them.
Jeremiah 13:24	Therefore will I scatter them as the stubble that passeth away by the wind of the wilderness.
Jeremiah 14:7	O LORD, though our iniquities testify against us, do thou it for thy name's sake: for our backslidings are many; we have sinned against thee.
Jeremiah 14:17	Therefore thou shalt say this word unto them; Let mine eyes run down with tears night and day, and let them not cease: for the virgin daughter of my people is broken with a great breach, with a very grievous blow.
Jeremiah 15:5	For who shall have pity upon thee, O Jerusalem? or who shall bemoan thee? or who shall go aside to ask how thou doest?
Jeremiah 15:15	O LORD, thou knowest: remember me, and visit me, and revenge me of my persecutors; take me not away in thy longsuffering: know that for thy sake I have suffered rebuke.
Jeremiah 16:4	They shall die of grievous deaths; they shall not be lamented; neither shall they be buried; but they shall be as dung upon the face of the earth: and they shall be consumed by the sword, and by famine; and their carcases shall be meat for the fowls of heaven, and for the beasts of the earth.
Jeremiah 16:14	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that it shall no more be said, The LORD liveth, that brought up the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt;
Jeremiah 17:3	O my mountain in the field, I will give thy substance and all thy treasures to the spoil, and thy high places for sin, throughout all thy borders.
Jeremiah 17:13	O LORD, the hope of Israel, all that forsake thee shall be ashamed, and they that depart from me shall be written in the earth, because they have forsaken the LORD, the fountain of living waters.
Jeremiah 17:23	But they obeyed not, neither inclined their ear, but made their neck stiff, that they might not hear, nor receive instruction.
Jeremiah 18:6	O house of Israel, cannot I do with you as this potter? saith the LORD. Behold, as the clay is in the potter's hand, so are ye in mine hand, O house of Israel.
Jeremiah 18:16	To make their land desolate, and a perpetual hissing; every one that passeth thereby shall be astonished, and wag his head.
Jeremiah 19:3	And say, Hear ye the word of the LORD, O kings of Judah, and inhabitants of Jerusalem; Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, the which whosoever heareth, his ears shall tingle.
Jeremiah 19:13	And the houses of Jerusalem, and the houses of the kings of Judah, shall be defiled as the place of Tophet, because of all the houses upon whose roofs they have burned incense unto all the host of heaven, and have poured out drink offerings unto other gods.
Jeremiah 20:8	For since I spake, I cried out, I cried violence and spoil; because the word of the LORD was made a reproach unto me, and a derision, daily.
Jeremiah 20:18	Wherefore came I forth out of the womb to see labour and sorrow, that my days should be consumed with shame?
Jeremiah 21:10	For I have set my face against this city for evil, and not for good, saith the LORD: it shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire.
Jeremiah 22:6	For thus saith the LORD unto the king's house of Judah; Thou art Gilead unto me, and the head of Lebanon: yet surely I will make thee a wilderness, and cities which are not inhabited.
Jeremiah 22:16	He judged the cause of the poor and needy; then it was well with him: was not this to know me? saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 22:26	And I will cast thee out, and thy mother that bare thee, into another country, where ye were not born; and there shall ye die.
Jeremiah 23:6	In his days Judah shall be saved, and Israel shall dwell safely: and this is his name whereby he shall be called, THE LORD OUR RIGHTEOUSNESS.
Jeremiah 23:16	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, Hearken not unto the words of the prophets that prophesy unto you: they make you vain: they speak a vision of their own heart, and not out of the mouth of the LORD.
Jeremiah 23:26	How long shall this be in the heart of the prophets that prophesy lies? yea, they are prophets of the deceit of their own heart;
Jeremiah 23:36	And the burden of the LORD shall ye mention no more: for every man's word shall be his burden; for ye have perverted the words of the living God, of the LORD of hosts our God.
Jeremiah 24:6	For I will set mine eyes upon them for good, and I will bring them again to this land: and I will build them, and not pull them down; and I will plant them, and not pluck them up.
Jeremiah 25:6	And go not after other gods to serve them, and to worship them, and provoke me not to anger with the works of your hands; and I will do you no hurt.
Jeremiah 25:16	And they shall drink, and be moved, and be mad, because of the sword that I will send among them.
Jeremiah 25:26	And all the kings of the north, far and near, one with another, and all the kingdoms of the world, which are upon the face of the earth: and the king of Sheshach shall drink after them.
Jeremiah 25:36	A voice of the cry of the shepherds, and an howling of the principal of the flock, shall be heard: for the LORD hath spoiled their pasture.
Jeremiah 26:8	Now it came to pass, when Jeremiah had made an end of speaking all that the LORD had commanded him to speak unto all the people, that the priests and the prophets and all the people took him, saying, Thou shalt surely die.
Jeremiah 26:18	Micah the Morasthite prophesied in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and spake to all the people of Judah, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Zion shall be plowed like a field, and Jerusalem shall become heaps, and the mountain of the house as the high places of a forest.
Jeremiah 27:4	And command them to say unto their masters, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Thus shall ye say unto your masters;
Jeremiah 27:14	Therefore hearken not unto the words of the prophets that speak unto you, saying, Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon: for they prophesy a lie unto you.
Jeremiah 28:2	Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saying, I have broken the yoke of the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 28:12	Then the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah the prophet, after that Hananiah the prophet had broken the yoke from off the neck of the prophet Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 29:5	Build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of them;
Jeremiah 29:15	Because ye have said, The LORD hath raised us up prophets in Babylon;
Jeremiah 29:25	Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saying, Because thou hast sent letters in thy name unto all the people that are at Jerusalem, and to Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, and to all the priests, saying,
Jeremiah 30:3	For, lo, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will bring again the captivity of my people Israel and Judah, saith the LORD: and I will cause them to return to the land that I gave to their fathers, and they shall possess it.
Jeremiah 30:13	There is none to plead thy cause, that thou mayest be bound up: thou hast no healing medicines.
Jeremiah 30:23	Behold, the whirlwind of the LORD goeth forth with fury, a continuing whirlwind: it shall fall with pain upon the head of the wicked.
Jeremiah 31:9	They shall come with weeping, and with supplications will I lead them: I will cause them to walk by the rivers of waters in a straight way, wherein they shall not stumble: for I am a father to Israel, and Ephraim is my firstborn.
Jeremiah 31:19	Surely after that I was turned, I repented; and after that I was instructed, I smote upon my thigh: I was ashamed, yea, even confounded, because I did bear the reproach of my youth.
Jeremiah 31:29	In those days they shall say no more, The fathers have eaten a sour grape, and the children's teeth are set on edge.
Jeremiah 31:39	And the measuring line shall yet go forth over against it upon the hill Gareb, and shall compass about to Goath.
Jeremiah 32:9	And I bought the field of Hanameel my uncle's son, that was in Anathoth, and weighed him the money, even seventeen shekels of silver.
Jeremiah 32:19	Great in counsel, and mighty in work: for thine eyes are open upon all the ways of the sons of men: to give every one according to his ways, and according to the fruit of his doings:
Jeremiah 32:29	And the Chaldeans, that fight against this city, shall come and set fire on this city, and burn it with the houses, upon whose roofs they have offered incense unto Baal, and poured out drink offerings unto other gods, to provoke me to anger.
Jeremiah 32:39	And I will give them one heart, and one way, that they may fear me for ever, for the good of them, and of their children after them:
Jeremiah 33:5	They come to fight with the Chaldeans, but it is to fill them with the dead bodies of men, whom I have slain in mine anger and in my fury, and for all whose wickedness I have hid my face from this city.
Jeremiah 33:15	In those days, and at that time, will I cause the Branch of righteousness to grow up unto David; and he shall execute judgment and righteousness in the land.
Jeremiah 33:25	Thus saith the LORD; If my covenant be not with day and night, and if I have not appointed the ordinances of heaven and earth;
Jeremiah 34:9	That every man should let his manservant, and every man his maidservant, being an Hebrew or an Hebrewess, go free; that none should serve himself of them, to wit, of a Jew his brother.
Jeremiah 34:19	The princes of Judah, and the princes of Jerusalem, the eunuchs, and the priests, and all the people of the land, which passed between the parts of the calf;
Jeremiah 35:7	Neither shall ye build house, nor sow seed, nor plant vineyard, nor have any: but all your days ye shall dwell in tents; that ye may live many days in the land where ye be strangers.
Jeremiah 35:17	Therefore thus saith the LORD God of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring upon Judah and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem all the evil that I have pronounced against them: because I have spoken unto them, but they have not heard; and I have called unto them, but they have not answered.
Jeremiah 36:8	And Baruch the son of Neriah did according to all that Jeremiah the prophet commanded him, reading in the book the words of the LORD in the LORD's house.
Jeremiah 36:18	Then Baruch answered them, He pronounced all these words unto me with his mouth, and I wrote them with ink in the book.
Jeremiah 36:28	Take thee again another roll, and write in it all the former words that were in the first roll, which Jehoiakim the king of Judah hath burned.
Jeremiah 37:6	Then came the word of the LORD unto the prophet Jeremiah saying,
Jeremiah 37:16	When Jeremiah was entered into the dungeon, and into the cabins, and Jeremiah had remained there many days;
Jeremiah 38:5	Then Zedekiah the king said, Behold, he is in your hand: for the king is not he that can do any thing against you.
Jeremiah 38:15	Then Jeremiah said unto Zedekiah, If I declare it unto thee, wilt thou not surely put me to death? and if I give thee counsel, wilt thou not hearken unto me?
Jeremiah 38:25	But if the princes hear that I have talked with thee, and they come unto thee, and say unto thee, Declare unto us now what thou hast said unto the king, hide it not from us, and we will not put thee to death; also what the king said unto thee:
Jeremiah 39:7	Moreover he put out Zedekiah's eyes, and bound him with chains, to carry him to Babylon.
Jeremiah 39:17	But I will deliver thee in that day, saith the LORD: and thou shalt not be given into the hand of the men of whom thou art afraid.
Jeremiah 40:9	And Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan sware unto them and to their men, saying, Fear not to serve the Chaldeans: dwell in the land, and serve the king of Babylon, and it shall be well with you.
Jeremiah 41:3	Ishmael also slew all the Jews that were with him, even with Gedaliah, at Mizpah, and the Chaldeans that were found there, and the men of war.
Jeremiah 41:13	Now it came to pass, that when all the people which were with Ishmael saw Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were with him, then they were glad.
Jeremiah 42:5	Then they said to Jeremiah, The LORD be a true and faithful witness between us, if we do not even according to all things for the which the LORD thy God shall send thee to us.
Jeremiah 42:15	And now therefore hear the word of the LORD, ye remnant of Judah; Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; If ye wholly set your faces to enter into Egypt, and go to sojourn there;
Jeremiah 43:3	But Baruch the son of Neriah setteth thee on against us, for to deliver us into the hand of the Chaldeans, that they might put us to death, and carry us away captives into Babylon.
Jeremiah 43:13	He shall break also the images of Bethshemesh, that is in the land of Egypt; and the houses of the gods of the Egyptians shall he burn with fire.
Jeremiah 44:10	They are not humbled even unto this day, neither have they feared, nor walked in my law, nor in my statutes, that I set before you and before your fathers.
Jeremiah 44:20	Then Jeremiah said unto all the people, to the men, and to the women, and to all the people which had given him that answer, saying,
Jeremiah 44:30	Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give Pharaohhophra king of Egypt into the hand of his enemies, and into the hand of them that seek his life; as I gave Zedekiah king of Judah into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, his enemy, and that sought his life.
Jeremiah 46:5	Wherefore have I seen them dismayed and turned away back? and their mighty ones are beaten down, and are fled apace, and look not back: for fear was round about, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 46:15	Why are thy valiant men swept away? they stood not, because the LORD did drive them.
Jeremiah 46:25	The LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saith; Behold, I will punish the multitude of No, and Pharaoh, and Egypt, with their gods, and their kings; even Pharaoh, and all them that trust in him:
Jeremiah 47:7	How can it be quiet, seeing the LORD hath given it a charge against Ashkelon, and against the sea shore? there hath he appointed it.
Jeremiah 48:10	Cursed be he that doeth the work of the LORD deceitfully, and cursed be he that keepeth back his sword from blood.
Jeremiah 48:20	Moab is confounded; for it is broken down: howl and cry; tell ye it in Arnon, that Moab is spoiled,
Jeremiah 48:30	I know his wrath, saith the LORD; but it shall not be so; his lies shall not so effect it.
Jeremiah 48:40	For thus saith the LORD; Behold, he shall fly as an eagle, and shall spread his wings over Moab.
Jeremiah 49:3	Howl, O Heshbon, for Ai is spoiled: cry, ye daughters of Rabbah, gird you with sackcloth; lament, and run to and fro by the hedges; for their king shall go into captivity, and his priests and his princes together.
Jeremiah 49:13	For I have sworn by myself, saith the LORD, that Bozrah shall become a desolation, a reproach, a waste, and a curse; and all the cities thereof shall be perpetual wastes.
Jeremiah 49:23	Concerning Damascus. Hamath is confounded, and Arpad: for they have heard evil tidings: they are fainthearted; there is sorrow on the sea; it cannot be quiet.
Jeremiah 49:33	And Hazor shall be a dwelling for dragons, and a desolation for ever: there shall no man abide there, nor any son of man dwell in it.
Jeremiah 50:4	In those days, and in that time, saith the LORD, the children of Israel shall come, they and the children of Judah together, going and weeping: they shall go, and seek the LORD their God.
Jeremiah 50:14	Put yourselves in array against Babylon round about: all ye that bend the bow, shoot at her, spare no arrows: for she hath sinned against the LORD.
Jeremiah 50:24	I have laid a snare for thee, and thou art also taken, O Babylon, and thou wast not aware: thou art found, and also caught, because thou hast striven against the LORD.
Jeremiah 50:34	Their Redeemer is strong; the LORD of hosts is his name: he shall throughly plead their cause, that he may give rest to the land, and disquiet the inhabitants of Babylon.
Jeremiah 50:44	Behold, he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan unto the habitation of the strong: but I will make them suddenly run away from her: and who is a chosen man, that I may appoint over her? for who is like me? and who will appoint me the time? and who is that shepherd that will stand before me?
Jeremiah 51:8	Babylon is suddenly fallen and destroyed: howl for her; take balm for her pain, if so be she may be healed.
Jeremiah 51:18	They are vanity, the work of errors: in the time of their visitation they shall perish.
Jeremiah 51:28	Prepare against her the nations with the kings of the Medes, the captains thereof, and all the rulers thereof, and all the land of his dominion.
Jeremiah 51:38	They shall roar together like lions: they shall yell as lions' whelps.
Jeremiah 51:48	Then the heaven and the earth, and all that is therein, shall sing for Babylon: for the spoilers shall come unto her from the north, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 51:58	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; The broad walls of Babylon shall be utterly broken, and her high gates shall be burned with fire; and the people shall labour in vain, and the folk in the fire, and they shall be weary.
Jeremiah 52:4	And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, that Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon came, he and all his army, against Jerusalem, and pitched against it, and built forts against it round about.
Jeremiah 52:14	And all the army of the Chaldeans, that were with the captain of the guard, brake down all the walls of Jerusalem round about.
Jeremiah 52:24	And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the door:
Jeremiah 52:34	And for his diet, there was a continual diet given him of the king of Babylon, every day a portion until the day of his death, all the days of his life.
Lamentations 1:10	The adversary hath spread out his hand upon all her pleasant things: for she hath seen that the heathen entered into her sanctuary, whom thou didst command that they should not enter into thy congregation.
Lamentations 1:20	Behold, O LORD; for I am in distress: my bowels are troubled; mine heart is turned within me; for I have grievously rebelled: abroad the sword bereaveth, at home there is as death.
Lamentations 2:8	The LORD hath purposed to destroy the wall of the daughter of Zion: he hath stretched out a line, he hath not withdrawn his hand from destroying: therefore he made the rampart and the wall to lament; they languished together.
Lamentations 2:18	Their heart cried unto the LORD, O wall of the daughter of Zion, let tears run down like a river day and night: give thyself no rest; let not the apple of thine eye cease.
Lamentations 3:6	He hath set me in dark places, as they that be dead of old.
Lamentations 3:16	He hath also broken my teeth with gravel stones, he hath covered me with ashes.
Lamentations 3:26	It is good that a man should both hope and quietly wait for the salvation of the LORD.
Lamentations 3:36	To subvert a man in his cause, the LORD approveth not.
Lamentations 3:46	All our enemies have opened their mouths against us.
Lamentations 3:56	Thou hast heard my voice: hide not thine ear at my breathing, at my cry.
Lamentations 3:66	Persecute and destroy them in anger from under the heavens of the LORD.
Lamentations 4:10	The hands of the pitiful women have sodden their own children: they were their meat in the destruction of the daughter of my people.
Lamentations 4:20	The breath of our nostrils, the anointed of the LORD, was taken in their pits, of whom we said, Under his shadow we shall live among the heathen.
Lamentations 5:8	Servants have ruled over us: there is none that doth deliver us out of their hand.
Lamentations 5:18	Because of the mountain of Zion, which is desolate, the foxes walk upon it.
Ezekiel 1:6	And every one had four faces, and every one had four wings.
Ezekiel 1:16	The appearance of the wheels and their work was like unto the colour of a beryl: and they four had one likeness: and their appearance and their work was as it were a wheel in the middle of a wheel.
Ezekiel 1:26	And above the firmament that was over their heads was the likeness of a throne, as the appearance of a sapphire stone: and upon the likeness of the throne was the likeness as the appearance of a man above upon it.
Ezekiel 2:8	But thou, son of man, hear what I say unto thee; Be not thou rebellious like that rebellious house: open thy mouth, and eat that I give thee.
Ezekiel 3:8	Behold, I have made thy face strong against their faces, and thy forehead strong against their foreheads.
Ezekiel 3:18	When I say unto the wicked, Thou shalt surely die; and thou givest him not warning, nor speakest to warn the wicked from his wicked way, to save his life; the same wicked man shall die in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at thine hand.
Ezekiel 4:1	Thou also, son of man, take thee a tile, and lay it before thee, and pourtray upon it the city, even Jerusalem:
Ezekiel 4:11	Thou shalt drink also water by measure, the sixth part of an hin: from time to time shalt thou drink.
Ezekiel 5:4	Then take of them again, and cast them into the midst of the fire, and burn them in the fire; for thereof shall a fire come forth into all the house of Israel.
Ezekiel 5:14	Moreover I will make thee waste, and a reproach among the nations that are round about thee, in the sight of all that pass by.
Ezekiel 6:7	And the slain shall fall in the midst of you, and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 7:3	Now is the end come upon thee, and I will send mine anger upon thee, and will judge thee according to thy ways, and will recompense upon thee all thine abominations.
Ezekiel 7:13	For the seller shall not return to that which is sold, although they were yet alive: for the vision is touching the whole multitude thereof, which shall not return; neither shall any strengthen himself in the iniquity of his life.
Ezekiel 7:23	Make a chain: for the land is full of bloody crimes, and the city is full of violence.
Ezekiel 8:6	He said furthermore unto me, Son of man, seest thou what they do? even the great abominations that the house of Israel committeth here, that I should go far off from my sanctuary? but turn thee yet again, and thou shalt see greater abominations.
Ezekiel 8:16	And he brought me into the inner court of the LORD's house, and, behold, at the door of the temple of the LORD, between the porch and the altar, were about five and twenty men, with their backs toward the temple of the LORD, and their faces toward the east; and they worshipped the sun toward the east.
Ezekiel 9:8	And it came to pass, while they were slaying them, and I was left, that I fell upon my face, and cried, and said, Ah Lord GOD! wilt thou destroy all the residue of Israel in thy pouring out of thy fury upon Jerusalem?
Ezekiel 10:7	And one cherub stretched forth his hand from between the cherubims unto the fire that was between the cherubims, and took thereof, and put it into the hands of him that was clothed with linen: who took it, and went out.
Ezekiel 10:17	When they stood, these stood; and when they were lifted up, these lifted up themselves also: for the spirit of the living creature was in them.
Ezekiel 11:5	And the Spirit of the LORD fell upon me, and said unto me, Speak; Thus saith the LORD; Thus have ye said, O house of Israel: for I know the things that come into your mind, every one of them.
Ezekiel 11:15	Son of man, thy brethren, even thy brethren, the men of thy kindred, and all the house of Israel wholly, are they unto whom the inhabitants of Jerusalem have said, Get you far from the LORD: unto us is this land given in possession.
Ezekiel 11:25	Then I spake unto them of the captivity all the things that the LORD had shewed me.
Ezekiel 12:10	Say thou unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; This burden concerneth the prince in Jerusalem, and all the house of Israel that are among them.
Ezekiel 12:20	And the cities that are inhabited shall be laid waste, and the land shall be desolate; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 13:2	Son of man, prophesy against the prophets of Israel that prophesy, and say thou unto them that prophesy out of their own hearts, Hear ye the word of the LORD;
Ezekiel 13:12	Lo, when the wall is fallen, shall it not be said unto you, Where is the daubing wherewith ye have daubed it?
Ezekiel 13:22	Because with lies ye have made the heart of the righteous sad, whom I have not made sad; and strengthened the hands of the wicked, that he should not return from his wicked way, by promising him life:
Ezekiel 14:9	And if the prophet be deceived when he hath spoken a thing, I the LORD have deceived that prophet, and I will stretch out my hand upon him, and will destroy him from the midst of my people Israel.
Ezekiel 14:19	Or if I send a pestilence into that land, and pour out my fury upon it in blood, to cut off from it man and beast:
Ezekiel 15:6	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; As the vine tree among the trees of the forest, which I have given to the fire for fuel, so will I give the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 16:8	Now when I passed by thee, and looked upon thee, behold, thy time was the time of love; and I spread my skirt over thee, and covered thy nakedness: yea, I sware unto thee, and entered into a covenant with thee, saith the Lord GOD, and thou becamest mine.
Ezekiel 16:18	And tookest thy broidered garments, and coveredst them: and thou hast set mine oil and mine incense before them.
Ezekiel 16:28	Thou hast played the whore also with the Assyrians, because thou wast unsatiable; yea, thou hast played the harlot with them, and yet couldest not be satisfied.
Ezekiel 16:38	And I will judge thee, as women that break wedlock and shed blood are judged; and I will give thee blood in fury and jealousy.
Ezekiel 16:48	As I live, saith the Lord GOD, Sodom thy sister hath not done, she nor her daughters, as thou hast done, thou and thy daughters.
Ezekiel 16:58	Thou hast borne thy lewdness and thine abominations, saith the LORD.
Ezekiel 17:5	He took also of the seed of the land, and planted it in a fruitful field; he placed it by great waters, and set it as a willow tree.
Ezekiel 17:15	But he rebelled against him in sending his ambassadors into Egypt, that they might give him horses and much people. Shall he prosper? shall he escape that doeth such things? or shall he break the covenant, and be delivered?
Ezekiel 18:1	The word of the LORD came unto me again, saying,
Ezekiel 18:11	And that doeth not any of those duties, but even hath eaten upon the mountains, and defiled his neighbour's wife,
Ezekiel 18:21	But if the wicked will turn from all his sins that he hath committed, and keep all my statutes, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall surely live, he shall not die.
Ezekiel 18:31	Cast away from you all your transgressions, whereby ye have transgressed; and make you a new heart and a new spirit: for why will ye die, O house of Israel?
Ezekiel 19:9	And they put him in ward in chains, and brought him to the king of Babylon: they brought him into holds, that his voice should no more be heard upon the mountains of Israel.
Ezekiel 20:5	And say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the day when I chose Israel, and lifted up mine hand unto the seed of the house of Jacob, and made myself known unto them in the land of Egypt, when I lifted up mine hand unto them, saying, I am the LORD your God;
Ezekiel 20:15	Yet also I lifted up my hand unto them in the wilderness, that I would not bring them into the land which I had given them, flowing with milk and honey, which is the glory of all lands;
Ezekiel 20:25	Wherefore I gave them also statutes that were not good, and judgments whereby they should not live;
Ezekiel 20:35	And I will bring you into the wilderness of the people, and there will I plead with you face to face.
Ezekiel 20:45	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 21:6	Sigh therefore, thou son of man, with the breaking of thy loins; and with bitterness sigh before their eyes.
Ezekiel 21:16	Go thee one way or other, either on the right hand, or on the left, whithersoever thy face is set.
Ezekiel 21:26	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Remove the diadem, and take off the crown: this shall not be the same: exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high.
Ezekiel 22:4	Thou art become guilty in thy blood that thou hast shed; and hast defiled thyself in thine idols which thou hast made; and thou hast caused thy days to draw near, and art come even unto thy years: therefore have I made thee a reproach unto the heathen, and a mocking to all countries.
Ezekiel 22:14	Can thine heart endure, or can thine hands be strong, in the days that I shall deal with thee? I the LORD have spoken it, and will do it.
Ezekiel 22:24	Son of man, say unto her, Thou art the land that is not cleansed, nor rained upon in the day of indignation.
Ezekiel 23:3	And they committed whoredoms in Egypt; they committed whoredoms in their youth: there were their breasts pressed, and there they bruised the teats of their virginity.
Ezekiel 23:13	Then I saw that she was defiled, that they took both one way,
Ezekiel 23:23	The Babylonians, and all the Chaldeans, Pekod, and Shoa, and Koa, and all the Assyrians with them: all of them desirable young men, captains and rulers, great lords and renowned, all of them riding upon horses.
Ezekiel 23:33	Thou shalt be filled with drunkenness and sorrow, with the cup of astonishment and desolation, with the cup of thy sister Samaria.
Ezekiel 23:43	Then said I unto her that was old in adulteries, Will they now commit whoredoms with her, and she with them?
Ezekiel 24:4	Gather the pieces thereof into it, even every good piece, the thigh, and the shoulder; fill it with the choice bones.
Ezekiel 24:14	I the LORD have spoken it: it shall come to pass, and I will do it; I will not go back, neither will I spare, neither will I repent; according to thy ways, and according to thy doings, shall they judge thee, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 24:24	Thus Ezekiel is unto you a sign: according to all that he hath done shall ye do: and when this cometh, ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 25:7	Behold, therefore I will stretch out mine hand upon thee, and will deliver thee for a spoil to the heathen; and I will cut thee off from the people, and I will cause thee to perish out of the countries: I will destroy thee; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 25:17	And I will execute great vengeance upon them with furious rebukes; and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall lay my vengeance upon them.
Ezekiel 26:10	By reason of the abundance of his horses their dust shall cover thee: thy walls shall shake at the noise of the horsemen, and of the wheels, and of the chariots, when he shall enter into thy gates, as men enter into a city wherein is made a breach.
Ezekiel 26:20	When I shall bring thee down with them that descend into the pit, with the people of old time, and shall set thee in the low parts of the earth, in places desolate of old, with them that go down to the pit, that thou be not inhabited; and I shall set glory in the land of the living;
Ezekiel 27:9	The ancients of Gebal and the wise men thereof were in thee thy calkers: all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in thee to occupy thy merchandise.
Ezekiel 27:19	Dan also and Javan going to and fro occupied in thy fairs: bright iron, cassia, and calamus, were in thy market.
Ezekiel 27:29	And all that handle the oar, the mariners, and all the pilots of the sea, shall come down from their ships, they shall stand upon the land;
Ezekiel 28:3	Behold, thou art wiser than Daniel; there is no secret that they can hide from thee:
Ezekiel 28:13	Thou hast been in Eden the garden of God; every precious stone was thy covering, the sardius, topaz, and the diamond, the beryl, the onyx, and the jasper, the sapphire, the emerald, and the carbuncle, and gold: the workmanship of thy tabrets and of thy pipes was prepared in thee in the day that thou wast created.
Ezekiel 28:23	For I will send into her pestilence, and blood into her streets; and the wounded shall be judged in the midst of her by the sword upon her on every side; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 29:7	When they took hold of thee by thy hand, thou didst break, and rend all their shoulder: and when they leaned upon thee, thou brakest, and madest all their loins to be at a stand.
Ezekiel 29:17	And it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year, in the first month, in the first day of the month, the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 30:6	Thus saith the LORD; They also that uphold Egypt shall fall; and the pride of her power shall come down: from the tower of Syene shall they fall in it by the sword, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 30:16	And I will set fire in Egypt: Sin shall have great pain, and No shall be rent asunder, and Noph shall have distresses daily.
Ezekiel 30:26	And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and disperse them among the countries; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 31:10	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast lifted up thyself in height, and he hath shot up his top among the thick boughs, and his heart is lifted up in his height;
Ezekiel 32:2	Son of man, take up a lamentation for Pharaoh king of Egypt, and say unto him, Thou art like a young lion of the nations, and thou art as a whale in the seas: and thou camest forth with thy rivers, and troubledst the waters with thy feet, and fouledst their rivers.
Ezekiel 32:12	By the swords of the mighty will I cause thy multitude to fall, the terrible of the nations, all of them: and they shall spoil the pomp of Egypt, and all the multitude thereof shall be destroyed.
Ezekiel 32:22	Asshur is there and all her company: his graves are about him: all of them slain, fallen by the sword:
Ezekiel 32:32	For I have caused my terror in the land of the living: and he shall be laid in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that are slain with the sword, even Pharaoh and all his multitude, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 33:10	Therefore, O thou son of man, speak unto the house of Israel; Thus ye speak, saying, If our transgressions and our sins be upon us, and we pine away in them, how should we then live?
Ezekiel 33:20	Yet ye say, The way of the Lord is not equal. O ye house of Israel, I will judge you every one after his ways.
Ezekiel 33:30	Also, thou son of man, the children of thy people still are talking against thee by the walls and in the doors of the houses, and speak one to another, every one to his brother, saying, Come, I pray you, and hear what is the word that cometh forth from the LORD.
Ezekiel 34:7	Therefore, ye shepherds, hear the word of the LORD;
Ezekiel 34:17	And as for you, O my flock, thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I judge between cattle and cattle, between the rams and the he goats.
Ezekiel 34:27	And the tree of the field shall yield her fruit, and the earth shall yield her increase, and they shall be safe in their land, and shall know that I am the LORD, when I have broken the bands of their yoke, and delivered them out of the hand of those that served themselves of them.
Ezekiel 35:6	Therefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will prepare thee unto blood, and blood shall pursue thee: sith thou hast not hated blood, even blood shall pursue thee.
Ezekiel 36:1	Also, thou son of man, prophesy unto the mountains of Israel, and say, Ye mountains of Israel, hear the word of the LORD:
Ezekiel 36:11	And I will multiply upon you man and beast; and they shall increase and bring fruit: and I will settle you after your old estates, and will do better unto you than at your beginnings: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 36:21	But I had pity for mine holy name, which the house of Israel had profaned among the heathen, whither they went.
Ezekiel 36:31	Then shall ye remember your own evil ways, and your doings that were not good, and shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for your iniquities and for your abominations.
Ezekiel 37:3	And he said unto me, Son of man, can these bones live? And I answered, O Lord GOD, thou knowest.
Ezekiel 37:13	And ye shall know that I am the LORD, when I have opened your graves, O my people, and brought you up out of your graves,
Ezekiel 37:23	Neither shall they defile themselves any more with their idols, nor with their detestable things, nor with any of their transgressions: but I will save them out of all their dwellingplaces, wherein they have sinned, and will cleanse them: so shall they be my people, and I will be their God.
Ezekiel 38:5	Persia, Ethiopia, and Libya with them; all of them with shield and helmet:
Ezekiel 38:15	And thou shalt come from thy place out of the north parts, thou, and many people with thee, all of them riding upon horses, a great company, and a mighty army:
Ezekiel 39:2	And I will turn thee back, and leave but the sixth part of thee, and will cause thee to come up from the north parts, and will bring thee upon the mountains of Israel:
Ezekiel 39:12	And seven months shall the house of Israel be burying of them, that they may cleanse the land.
Ezekiel 39:22	So the house of Israel shall know that I am the LORD their God from that day and forward.
Ezekiel 40:3	And he brought me thither, and, behold, there was a man, whose appearance was like the appearance of brass, with a line of flax in his hand, and a measuring reed; and he stood in the gate.
Ezekiel 40:13	He measured then the gate from the roof of one little chamber to the roof of another: the breadth was five and twenty cubits, door against door.
Ezekiel 40:23	And the gate of the inner court was over against the gate toward the north, and toward the east; and he measured from gate to gate an hundred cubits.
Ezekiel 40:33	And the little chambers thereof, and the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, were according to these measures: and there were windows therein and in the arches thereof round about: it was fifty cubits long, and five and twenty cubits broad.
Ezekiel 40:43	And within were hooks, an hand broad, fastened round about: and upon the tables was the flesh of the offering.
Ezekiel 41:4	So he measured the length thereof, twenty cubits; and the breadth, twenty cubits, before the temple: and he said unto me, This is the most holy place.
Ezekiel 41:14	Also the breadth of the face of the house, and of the separate place toward the east, an hundred cubits.
Ezekiel 41:24	And the doors had two leaves apiece, two turning leaves; two leaves for the one door, and two leaves for the other door.
Ezekiel 42:8	For the length of the chambers that were in the utter court was fifty cubits: and, lo, before the temple were an hundred cubits.
Ezekiel 42:18	He measured the south side, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed.
Ezekiel 43:8	In their setting of their threshold by my thresholds, and their post by my posts, and the wall between me and them, they have even defiled my holy name by their abominations that they have committed: wherefore I have consumed them in mine anger.
Ezekiel 43:18	And he said unto me, Son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD; These are the ordinances of the altar in the day when they shall make it, to offer burnt offerings thereon, and to sprinkle blood thereon.
Ezekiel 44:1	Then he brought me back the way of the gate of the outward sanctuary which looketh toward the east; and it was shut.
Ezekiel 44:11	Yet they shall be ministers in my sanctuary, having charge at the gates of the house, and ministering to the house: they shall slay the burnt offering and the sacrifice for the people, and they shall stand before them to minister unto them.
Ezekiel 44:21	Neither shall any priest drink wine, when they enter into the inner court.
Ezekiel 44:31	The priests shall not eat of any thing that is dead of itself, or torn, whether it be fowl or beast.
Ezekiel 45:10	Ye shall have just balances, and a just ephah, and a just bath.
Ezekiel 45:20	And so thou shalt do the seventh day of the month for every one that erreth, and for him that is simple: so shall ye reconcile the house.
Ezekiel 46:5	And the meat offering shall be an ephah for a ram, and the meat offering for the lambs as he shall be able to give, and an hin of oil to an ephah.
Ezekiel 46:15	Thus shall they prepare the lamb, and the meat offering, and the oil, every morning for a continual burnt offering.
Ezekiel 47:1	Afterward he brought me again unto the door of the house; and, behold, waters issued out from under the threshold of the house eastward: for the forefront of the house stood toward the east, and the waters came down from under from the right side of the house, at the south side of the altar.
Ezekiel 47:11	But the miry places thereof and the marishes thereof shall not be healed; they shall be given to salt.
Ezekiel 47:21	So shall ye divide this land unto you according to the tribes of Israel.
Ezekiel 48:8	And by the border of Judah, from the east side unto the west side, shall be the offering which ye shall offer of five and twenty thousand reeds in breadth, and in length as one of the other parts, from the east side unto the west side: and the sanctuary shall be in the midst of it.
Ezekiel 48:18	And the residue in length over against the oblation of the holy portion shall be ten thousand eastward, and ten thousand westward: and it shall be over against the oblation of the holy portion; and the increase thereof shall be for food unto them that serve the city.
Ezekiel 48:28	And by the border of Gad, at the south side southward, the border shall be even from Tamar unto the waters of strife in Kadesh, and to the river toward the great sea.
Daniel 1:3	And the king spake unto Ashpenaz the master of his eunuchs, that he should bring certain of the children of Israel, and of the king's seed, and of the princes;
Daniel 1:13	Then let our countenances be looked upon before thee, and the countenance of the children that eat of the portion of the king's meat: and as thou seest, deal with thy servants.
Daniel 2:2	Then the king commanded to call the magicians, and the astrologers, and the sorcerers, and the Chaldeans, for to shew the king his dreams. So they came and stood before the king.
Daniel 2:12	For this cause the king was angry and very furious, and commanded to destroy all the wise men of Babylon.
Daniel 2:22	He revealeth the deep and secret things: he knoweth what is in the darkness, and the light dwelleth with him.
Daniel 2:32	This image's head was of fine gold, his breast and his arms of silver, his belly and his thighs of brass,
Daniel 2:42	And as the toes of the feet were part of iron, and part of clay, so the kingdom shall be partly strong, and partly broken.
Daniel 3:3	Then the princes, the governors, and captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, were gathered together unto the dedication of the image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up; and they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up.
Daniel 3:13	Then Nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. Then they brought these men before the king.
Daniel 3:23	And these three men, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, fell down bound into the midst of the burning fiery furnace.
Daniel 4:3	How great are his signs! and how mighty are his wonders! his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and his dominion is from generation to generation.
Daniel 4:13	I saw in the visions of my head upon my bed, and, behold, a watcher and an holy one came down from heaven;
Daniel 4:23	And whereas the king saw a watcher and an holy one coming down from heaven, and saying, Hew the tree down, and destroy it; yet leave the stump of the roots thereof in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts of the field, till seven times pass over him;
Daniel 4:33	The same hour was the thing fulfilled upon Nebuchadnezzar: and he was driven from men, and did eat grass as oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven, till his hairs were grown like eagles' feathers, and his nails like birds' claws.
Daniel 5:6	Then the king's countenance was changed, and his thoughts troubled him, so that the joints of his loins were loosed, and his knees smote one against another.
Daniel 5:16	And I have heard of thee, that thou canst make interpretations, and dissolve doubts: now if thou canst read the writing, and make known to me the interpretation thereof, thou shalt be clothed with scarlet, and have a chain of gold about thy neck, and shalt be the third ruler in the kingdom.
Daniel 5:26	This is the interpretation of the thing: MENE; God hath numbered thy kingdom, and finished it.
Daniel 6:5	Then said these men, We shall not find any occasion against this Daniel, except we find it against him concerning the law of his God.
Daniel 6:15	Then these men assembled unto the king, and said unto the king, Know, O king, that the law of the Medes and Persians is, That no decree nor statute which the king establisheth may be changed.
Daniel 6:25	Then king Darius wrote unto all people, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you.
Daniel 7:7	After this I saw in the night visions, and behold a fourth beast, dreadful and terrible, and strong exceedingly; and it had great iron teeth: it devoured and brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with the feet of it: and it was diverse from all the beasts that were before it; and it had ten horns.
Daniel 7:17	These great beasts, which are four, are four kings, which shall arise out of the earth.
Daniel 7:27	And the kingdom and dominion, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of the most High, whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and all dominions shall serve and obey him.
Daniel 8:9	And out of one of them came forth a little horn, which waxed exceeding great, toward the south, and toward the east, and toward the pleasant land.
Daniel 8:19	And he said, Behold, I will make thee know what shall be in the last end of the indignation: for at the time appointed the end shall be.
Daniel 9:2	In the first year of his reign I Daniel understood by books the number of the years, whereof the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah the prophet, that he would accomplish seventy years in the desolations of Jerusalem.
Daniel 9:12	And he hath confirmed his words, which he spake against us, and against our judges that judged us, by bringing upon us a great evil: for under the whole heaven hath not been done as hath been done upon Jerusalem.
Daniel 9:22	And he informed me, and talked with me, and said, O Daniel, I am now come forth to give thee skill and understanding.
Daniel 10:5	Then I lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a certain man clothed in linen, whose loins were girded with fine gold of Uphaz:
Daniel 10:15	And when he had spoken such words unto me, I set my face toward the ground, and I became dumb.
Daniel 11:4	And when he shall stand up, his kingdom shall be broken, and shall be divided toward the four winds of heaven; and not to his posterity, nor according to his dominion which he ruled: for his kingdom shall be plucked up, even for others beside those.
Daniel 11:14	And in those times there shall many stand up against the king of the south: also the robbers of thy people shall exalt themselves to establish the vision; but they shall fall.
Daniel 11:24	He shall enter peaceably even upon the fattest places of the province; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done, nor his fathers' fathers; he shall scatter among them the prey, and spoil, and riches: yea, and he shall forecast his devices against the strong holds, even for a time.
Daniel 11:34	Now when they shall fall, they shall be holpen with a little help: but many shall cleave to them with flatteries.
Daniel 11:44	But tidings out of the east and out of the north shall trouble him: therefore he shall go forth with great fury to destroy, and utterly to make away many.
Daniel 12:9	And he said, Go thy way, Daniel: for the words are closed up and sealed till the time of the end.
Hosea 1:6	And she conceived again, and bare a daughter. And God said unto him, Call her name Loruhamah: for I will no more have mercy upon the house of Israel; but I will utterly take them away.
Hosea 2:5	For their mother hath played the harlot: she that conceived them hath done shamefully: for she said, I will go after my lovers, that give me my bread and my water, my wool and my flax, mine oil and my drink.
Hosea 2:15	And I will give her her vineyards from thence, and the valley of Achor for a door of hope: and she shall sing there, as in the days of her youth, and as in the day when she came up out of the land of Egypt.
Hosea 3:2	So I bought her to me for fifteen pieces of silver, and for an homer of barley, and an half homer of barley:
Hosea 4:7	As they were increased, so they sinned against me: therefore will I change their glory into shame.
Hosea 4:17	Ephraim is joined to idols: let him alone.
Hosea 5:8	Blow ye the cornet in Gibeah, and the trumpet in Ramah: cry aloud at Bethaven, after thee, O Benjamin.
Hosea 6:3	Then shall we know, if we follow on to know the LORD: his going forth is prepared as the morning; and he shall come unto us as the rain, as the latter and former rain unto the earth.
Hosea 7:2	And they consider not in their hearts that I remember all their wickedness: now their own doings have beset them about; they are before my face.
Hosea 7:12	When they shall go, I will spread my net upon them; I will bring them down as the fowls of the heaven; I will chastise them, as their congregation hath heard.
Hosea 8:6	For from Israel was it also: the workman made it; therefore it is not God: but the calf of Samaria shall be broken in pieces.
Hosea 9:2	The floor and the winepress shall not feed them, and the new wine shall fail in her.
Hosea 9:12	Though they bring up their children, yet will I bereave them, that there shall not be a man left: yea, woe also to them when I depart from them!
Hosea 10:5	The inhabitants of Samaria shall fear because of the calves of Bethaven: for the people thereof shall mourn over it, and the priests thereof that rejoiced on it, for the glory thereof, because it is departed from it.
Hosea 10:15	So shall Bethel do unto you because of your great wickedness: in a morning shall the king of Israel utterly be cut off.
Hosea 11:10	They shall walk after the LORD: he shall roar like a lion: when he shall roar, then the children shall tremble from the west.
Hosea 12:8	And Ephraim said, Yet I am become rich, I have found me out substance: in all my labours they shall find none iniquity in me that were sin.
Hosea 13:4	Yet I am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt, and thou shalt know no god but me: for there is no saviour beside me.
Hosea 13:14	I will ransom them from the power of the grave; I will redeem them from death: O death, I will be thy plagues; O grave, I will be thy destruction: repentance shall be hid from mine eyes.
Hosea 14:8	Ephraim shall say, What have I to do any more with idols? I have heard him, and observed him: I am like a green fir tree. From me is thy fruit found.
Joel 1:9	The meat offering and the drink offering is cut off from the house of the LORD; the priests, the LORD's ministers, mourn.
Joel 1:19	O LORD, to thee will I cry: for the fire hath devoured the pastures of the wilderness, and the flame hath burned all the trees of the field.
Joel 2:9	They shall run to and fro in the city; they shall run upon the wall, they shall climb up upon the houses; they shall enter in at the windows like a thief.
Joel 2:19	Yea, the LORD will answer and say unto his people, Behold, I will send you corn, and wine, and oil, and ye shall be satisfied therewith: and I will no more make you a reproach among the heathen:
Joel 2:29	And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit.
Joel 3:7	Behold, I will raise them out of the place whither ye have sold them, and will return your recompence upon your own head:
Joel 3:17	So shall ye know that I am the LORD your God dwelling in Zion, my holy mountain: then shall Jerusalem be holy, and there shall no strangers pass through her any more.
Amos 1:6	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Gaza, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they carried away captive the whole captivity, to deliver them up to Edom:
Amos 2:1	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Moab, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because he burned the bones of the king of Edom into lime:
Amos 2:11	And I raised up of your sons for prophets, and of your young men for Nazarites. Is it not even thus, O ye children of Israel? saith the LORD.
Amos 3:5	Can a bird fall in a snare upon the earth, where no gin is for him? shall one take up a snare from the earth, and have taken nothing at all?
Amos 3:15	And I will smite the winter house with the summer house; and the houses of ivory shall perish, and the great houses shall have an end, saith the LORD.
Amos 4:10	I have sent among you the pestilence after the manner of Egypt: your young men have I slain with the sword, and have taken away your horses; and I have made the stink of your camps to come up unto your nostrils: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.
Amos 5:7	Ye who turn judgment to wormwood, and leave off righteousness in the earth,
Amos 5:17	And in all vineyards shall be wailing: for I will pass through thee, saith the LORD.
Amos 5:27	Therefore will I cause you to go into captivity beyond Damascus, saith the LORD, whose name is The God of hosts.
Amos 6:10	And a man's uncle shall take him up, and he that burneth him, to bring out the bones out of the house, and shall say unto him that is by the sides of the house, Is there yet any with thee? and he shall say, No. Then shall he say, Hold thy tongue: for we may not make mention of the name of the LORD.
Amos 7:6	The LORD repented for this: This also shall not be, saith the Lord GOD.
Amos 7:16	Now therefore hear thou the word of the LORD: Thou sayest, Prophesy not against Israel, and drop not thy word against the house of Isaac.
Amos 8:9	And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the Lord GOD, that I will cause the sun to go down at noon, and I will darken the earth in the clear day:
Amos 9:5	And the Lord GOD of hosts is he that toucheth the land, and it shall melt, and all that dwell therein shall mourn: and it shall rise up wholly like a flood; and shall be drowned, as by the flood of Egypt.
Amos 9:15	And I will plant them upon their land, and they shall no more be pulled up out of their land which I have given them, saith the LORD thy God.
Obadiah 1:10	For thy violence against thy brother Jacob shame shall cover thee, and thou shalt be cut off for ever.
Obadiah 1:20	And the captivity of this host of the children of Israel shall possess that of the Canaanites, even unto Zarephath; and the captivity of Jerusalem, which is in Sepharad, shall possess the cities of the south.
Jonah 1:9	And he said unto them, I am an Hebrew; and I fear the LORD, the God of heaven, which hath made the sea and the dry land.
Jonah 2:2	And said, I cried by reason of mine affliction unto the LORD, and he heard me; out of the belly of hell cried I, and thou heardest my voice.
Jonah 3:2	Arise, go unto Nineveh, that great city, and preach unto it the preaching that I bid thee.
Jonah 4:2	And he prayed unto the LORD, and said, I pray thee, O LORD, was not this my saying, when I was yet in my country? Therefore I fled before unto Tarshish: for I knew that thou art a gracious God, and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and repentest thee of the evil.
Micah 1:1	The word of the LORD that came to Micah the Morasthite in the days of Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, which he saw concerning Samaria and Jerusalem.
Micah 1:11	Pass ye away, thou inhabitant of Saphir, having thy shame naked: the inhabitant of Zaanan came not forth in the mourning of Bethezel; he shall receive of you his standing.
Micah 2:5	Therefore thou shalt have none that shall cast a cord by lot in the congregation of the LORD.
Micah 3:2	Who hate the good, and love the evil; who pluck off their skin from off them, and their flesh from off their bones;
Micah 3:12	Therefore shall Zion for your sake be plowed as a field, and Jerusalem shall become heaps, and the mountain of the house as the high places of the forest.
Micah 4:10	Be in pain, and labour to bring forth, O daughter of Zion, like a woman in travail: for now shalt thou go forth out of the city, and thou shalt dwell in the field, and thou shalt go even to Babylon; there shalt thou be delivered; there the LORD shall redeem thee from the hand of thine enemies.
Micah 5:7	And the remnant of Jacob shall be in the midst of many people as a dew from the LORD, as the showers upon the grass, that tarrieth not for man, nor waiteth for the sons of men.
Micah 6:2	Hear ye, O mountains, the LORD's controversy, and ye strong foundations of the earth: for the LORD hath a controversy with his people, and he will plead with Israel.
Micah 6:12	For the rich men thereof are full of violence, and the inhabitants thereof have spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth.
Micah 7:6	For the son dishonoureth the father, the daughter riseth up against her mother, the daughter in law against her mother in law; a man's enemies are the men of his own house.
Micah 7:16	The nations shall see and be confounded at all their might: they shall lay their hand upon their mouth, their ears shall be deaf.
Nahum 1:6	Who can stand before his indignation? and who can abide in the fierceness of his anger? his fury is poured out like fire, and the rocks are thrown down by him.
Nahum 2:1	He that dasheth in pieces is come up before thy face: keep the munition, watch the way, make thy loins strong, fortify thy power mightily.
Nahum 2:11	Where is the dwelling of the lions, and the feedingplace of the young lions, where the lion, even the old lion, walked, and the lion's whelp, and none made them afraid?
Nahum 3:8	Art thou better than populous No, that was situate among the rivers, that had the waters round about it, whose rampart was the sea, and her wall was from the sea?
Nahum 3:18	Thy shepherds slumber, O king of Assyria: thy nobles shall dwell in the dust: thy people is scattered upon the mountains, and no man gathereth them.
Habakkuk 1:9	They shall come all for violence: their faces shall sup up as the east wind, and they shall gather the captivity as the sand.
Habakkuk 2:2	And the LORD answered me, and said, Write the vision, and make it plain upon tables, that he may run that readeth it.
Habakkuk 2:12	Woe to him that buildeth a town with blood, and stablisheth a city by iniquity!
Habakkuk 3:2	O LORD, I have heard thy speech, and was afraid: O LORD, revive thy work in the midst of the years, in the midst of the years make known; in wrath remember mercy.
Habakkuk 3:12	Thou didst march through the land in indignation, thou didst thresh the heathen in anger.
Zephaniah 1:3	I will consume man and beast; I will consume the fowls of the heaven, and the fishes of the sea, and the stumblingblocks with the wicked: and I will cut off man from off the land, saith the LORD.
Zephaniah 1:13	Therefore their goods shall become a booty, and their houses a desolation: they shall also build houses, but not inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, but not drink the wine thereof.
Zephaniah 2:5	Woe unto the inhabitants of the sea coast, the nation of the Cherethites! the word of the LORD is against you; O Canaan, the land of the Philistines, I will even destroy thee, that there shall be no inhabitant.
Zephaniah 2:15	This is the rejoicing city that dwelt carelessly, that said in her heart, I am, and there is none beside me: how is she become a desolation, a place for beasts to lie down in! every one that passeth by her shall hiss, and wag his hand.
Zephaniah 3:10	From beyond the rivers of Ethiopia my suppliants, even the daughter of my dispersed, shall bring mine offering.
Zephaniah 3:20	At that time will I bring you again, even in the time that I gather you: for I will make you a name and a praise among all people of the earth, when I turn back your captivity before your eyes, saith the LORD.
Haggai 1:10	Therefore the heaven over you is stayed from dew, and the earth is stayed from her fruit.
Haggai 2:5	According to the word that I covenanted with you when ye came out of Egypt, so my spirit remaineth among you: fear ye not.
Haggai 2:15	And now, I pray you, consider from this day and upward, from before a stone was laid upon a stone in the temple of the LORD:
Zechariah 1:2	The LORD hath been sore displeased with your fathers.
Zechariah 1:12	Then the angel of the LORD answered and said, O LORD of hosts, how long wilt thou not have mercy on Jerusalem and on the cities of Judah, against which thou hast had indignation these threescore and ten years?
Zechariah 2:1	I lifted up mine eyes again, and looked, and behold a man with a measuring line in his hand.
Zechariah 2:11	And many nations shall be joined to the LORD in that day, and shall be my people: and I will dwell in the midst of thee, and thou shalt know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto thee.
Zechariah 3:8	Hear now, O Joshua the high priest, thou, and thy fellows that sit before thee: for they are men wondered at: for, behold, I will bring forth my servant the BRANCH.
Zechariah 4:8	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Zechariah 5:4	I will bring it forth, saith the LORD of hosts, and it shall enter into the house of the thief, and into the house of him that sweareth falsely by my name: and it shall remain in the midst of his house, and shall consume it with the timber thereof and the stones thereof.
Zechariah 6:3	And in the third chariot white horses; and in the fourth chariot grisled and bay horses.
Zechariah 6:13	Even he shall build the temple of the LORD; and he shall bear the glory, and shall sit and rule upon his throne; and he shall be a priest upon his throne: and the counsel of peace shall be between them both.
Zechariah 7:8	And the word of the LORD came unto Zechariah, saying,
Zechariah 8:4	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; There shall yet old men and old women dwell in the streets of Jerusalem, and every man with his staff in his hand for very age.
Zechariah 8:14	For thus saith the LORD of hosts; As I thought to punish you, when your fathers provoked me to wrath, saith the LORD of hosts, and I repented not:
Zechariah 9:1	The burden of the word of the LORD in the land of Hadrach, and Damascus shall be the rest thereof: when the eyes of man, as of all the tribes of Israel, shall be toward the LORD.
Zechariah 9:11	As for thee also, by the blood of thy covenant I have sent forth thy prisoners out of the pit wherein is no water.
Zechariah 10:4	Out of him came forth the corner, out of him the nail, out of him the battle bow, out of him every oppressor together.
Zechariah 11:2	Howl, fir tree; for the cedar is fallen; because the mighty are spoiled: howl, O ye oaks of Bashan; for the forest of the vintage is come down.
Zechariah 11:12	And I said unto them, If ye think good, give me my price; and if not, forbear. So they weighed for my price thirty pieces of silver.
Zechariah 12:5	And the governors of Judah shall say in their heart, The inhabitants of Jerusalem shall be my strength in the LORD of hosts their God.
Zechariah 13:1	In that day there shall be a fountain opened to the house of David and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and for uncleanness.
Zechariah 14:2	For I will gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle; and the city shall be taken, and the houses rifled, and the women ravished; and half of the city shall go forth into captivity, and the residue of the people shall not be cut off from the city.
Zechariah 14:12	And this shall be the plague wherewith the LORD will smite all the people that have fought against Jerusalem; Their flesh shall consume away while they stand upon their feet, and their eyes shall consume away in their holes, and their tongue shall consume away in their mouth.
Malachi 1:1	The burden of the word of the LORD to Israel by Malachi.
Malachi 1:11	For from the rising of the sun even unto the going down of the same my name shall be great among the Gentiles; and in every place incense shall be offered unto my name, and a pure offering: for my name shall be great among the heathen, saith the LORD of hosts.
Malachi 2:7	For the priest's lips should keep knowledge, and they should seek the law at his mouth: for he is the messenger of the LORD of hosts.
Malachi 2:17	Ye have wearied the LORD with your words. Yet ye say, Wherein have we wearied him? When ye say, Every one that doeth evil is good in the sight of the LORD, and he delighteth in them; or, Where is the God of judgment?
Malachi 3:10	Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the LORD of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it.
Malachi 4:2	But unto you that fear my name shall the Sun of righteousness arise with healing in his wings; and ye shall go forth, and grow up as calves of the stall.
Matthew 1:6	And Jesse begat David the king; and David the king begat Solomon of her that had been the wife of Urias;
Matthew 1:16	And Jacob begat Joseph the husband of Mary, of whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.
Matthew 2:1	Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judaea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem,
Matthew 2:11	And when they were come into the house, they saw the young child with Mary his mother, and fell down, and worshipped him: and when they had opened their treasures, they presented unto him gifts; gold, and frankincense and myrrh.
Matthew 2:21	And he arose, and took the young child and his mother, and came into the land of Israel.
Matthew 3:8	Bring forth therefore fruits meet for repentance:
Matthew 4:1	Then was Jesus led up of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil.
Matthew 4:11	Then the devil leaveth him, and, behold, angels came and ministered unto him.
Matthew 4:21	And going on from thence, he saw other two brethren, James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother, in a ship with Zebedee their father, mending their nets; and he called them.
Matthew 5:6	Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.
Matthew 5:16	Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 5:26	Verily I say unto thee, Thou shalt by no means come out thence, till thou hast paid the uttermost farthing.
Matthew 5:36	Neither shalt thou swear by thy head, because thou canst not make one hair white or black.
Matthew 5:46	For if ye love them which love you, what reward have ye? do not even the publicans the same?
Matthew 6:8	Be not ye therefore like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask him.
Matthew 6:18	That thou appear not unto men to fast, but unto thy Father which is in secret: and thy Father, which seeth in secret, shall reward thee openly.
Matthew 6:28	And why take ye thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin:
Matthew 7:4	Or how wilt thou say to thy brother, Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye; and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye?
Matthew 7:14	Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it.
Matthew 7:24	Therefore whosoever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock:
Matthew 8:5	And when Jesus was entered into Capernaum, there came unto him a centurion, beseeching him,
Matthew 8:15	And he touched her hand, and the fever left her: and she arose, and ministered unto them.
Matthew 8:25	And his disciples came to him, and awoke him, saying, Lord, save us: we perish.
Matthew 9:1	And he entered into a ship, and passed over, and came into his own city.
Matthew 9:11	And when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto his disciples, Why eateth your Master with publicans and sinners?
Matthew 9:21	For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole.
Matthew 9:31	But they, when they were departed, spread abroad his fame in all that country.
Matthew 10:3	Philip, and Bartholomew; Thomas, and Matthew the publican; James the son of Alphaeus, and Lebbaeus, whose surname was Thaddaeus;
Matthew 10:13	And if the house be worthy, let your peace come upon it: but if it be not worthy, let your peace return to you.
Matthew 10:23	But when they persecute you in this city, flee ye into another: for verily I say unto you, Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be come.
Matthew 10:33	But whosoever shall deny me before men, him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 11:1	And it came to pass, when Jesus had made an end of commanding his twelve disciples, he departed thence to teach and to preach in their cities.
Matthew 11:11	Verily I say unto you, Among them that are born of women there hath not risen a greater than John the Baptist: notwithstanding he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he.
Matthew 11:21	Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works, which were done in you, had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes.
Matthew 12:1	At that time Jesus went on the sabbath day through the corn; and his disciples were an hungred, and began to pluck the ears of corn and to eat.
Matthew 12:11	And he said unto them, What man shall there be among you, that shall have one sheep, and if it fall into a pit on the sabbath day, will he not lay hold on it, and lift it out?
Matthew 12:21	And in his name shall the Gentiles trust.
Matthew 12:31	Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men: but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men.
Matthew 12:41	The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: because they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.
Matthew 13:1	The same day went Jesus out of the house, and sat by the sea side.
Matthew 13:11	He answered and said unto them, Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not given.
Matthew 13:21	Yet hath he not root in himself, but dureth for a while: for when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word, by and by he is offended.
Matthew 13:31	Another parable put he forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and sowed in his field:
Matthew 13:41	The Son of man shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity;
Matthew 13:51	Jesus saith unto them, Have ye understood all these things? They say unto him, Yea, Lord.
Matthew 14:3	For Herod had laid hold on John, and bound him, and put him in prison for Herodias' sake, his brother Philip's wife.
Matthew 14:13	When Jesus heard of it, he departed thence by ship into a desert place apart: and when the people had heard thereof, they followed him on foot out of the cities.
Matthew 14:23	And when he had sent the multitudes away, he went up into a mountain apart to pray: and when the evening was come, he was there alone.
Matthew 14:33	Then they that were in the ship came and worshipped him, saying, Of a truth thou art the Son of God.
Matthew 15:7	Ye hypocrites, well did Esaias prophesy of you, saying,
Matthew 15:17	Do not ye yet understand, that whatsoever entereth in at the mouth goeth into the belly, and is cast out into the draught?
Matthew 15:27	And she said, Truth, Lord: yet the dogs eat of the crumbs which fall from their masters' table.
Matthew 15:37	And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the broken meat that was left seven baskets full.
Matthew 16:8	Which when Jesus perceived, he said unto them, O ye of little faith, why reason ye among yourselves, because ye have brought no bread?
Matthew 16:18	And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.
Matthew 16:28	Verily I say unto you, There be some standing here, which shall not taste of death, till they see the Son of man coming in his kingdom.
Matthew 17:10	And his disciples asked him, saying, Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come?
Matthew 17:20	And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you.
Matthew 18:3	And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 18:13	And if so be that he find it, verily I say unto you, he rejoiceth more of that sheep, than of the ninety and nine which went not astray.
Matthew 18:23	Therefore is the kingdom of heaven likened unto a certain king, which would take account of his servants.
Matthew 18:33	Shouldest not thou also have had compassion on thy fellowservant, even as I had pity on thee?
Matthew 19:8	He saith unto them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so.
Matthew 19:18	He saith unto him, Which? Jesus said, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness,
Matthew 19:28	And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.
Matthew 20:8	So when even was come, the lord of the vineyard saith unto his steward, Call the labourers, and give them their hire, beginning from the last unto the first.
Matthew 20:18	Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be betrayed unto the chief priests and unto the scribes, and they shall condemn him to death,
Matthew 20:28	Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many.
Matthew 21:4	All this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying,
Matthew 21:14	And the blind and the lame came to him in the temple; and he healed them.
Matthew 21:24	And Jesus answered and said unto them, I also will ask you one thing, which if ye tell me, I in like wise will tell you by what authority I do these things.
Matthew 21:34	And when the time of the fruit drew near, he sent his servants to the husbandmen, that they might receive the fruits of it.
Matthew 21:44	And whosoever shall fall on this stone shall be broken: but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powder.
Matthew 22:8	Then saith he to his servants, The wedding is ready, but they which were bidden were not worthy.
Matthew 22:18	But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites?
Matthew 22:28	Therefore in the resurrection whose wife shall she be of the seven? for they all had her.
Matthew 22:38	This is the first and great commandment.
Matthew 23:2	Saying The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat:
Matthew 23:12	And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted.
Matthew 23:22	And he that shall swear by heaven, sweareth by the throne of God, and by him that sitteth thereon.
Matthew 23:32	Fill ye up then the measure of your fathers.
Matthew 24:3	And as he sat upon the mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world?
Matthew 24:13	But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved.
Matthew 24:23	Then if any man shall say unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; believe it not.
Matthew 24:33	So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors.
Matthew 24:43	But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up.
Matthew 25:2	And five of them were wise, and five were foolish.
Matthew 25:12	But he answered and said, Verily I say unto you, I know you not.
Matthew 25:22	He also that had received two talents came and said, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me two talents: behold, I have gained two other talents beside them.
Matthew 25:32	And before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats:
Matthew 25:42	For I was an hungred, and ye gave me no meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink:
Matthew 26:6	Now when Jesus was in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper,
Matthew 26:16	And from that time he sought opportunity to betray him.
Matthew 26:26	And as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and brake it, and gave it to the disciples, and said, Take, eat; this is my body.
Matthew 26:36	Then cometh Jesus with them unto a place called Gethsemane, and saith unto the disciples, Sit ye here, while I go and pray yonder.
Matthew 26:46	Rise, let us be going: behold, he is at hand that doth betray me.
Matthew 26:56	But all this was done, that the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples forsook him, and fled.
Matthew 26:66	What think ye? They answered and said, He is guilty of death.
Matthew 27:1	When the morning was come, all the chief priests and elders of the people took counsel against Jesus to put him to death:
Matthew 27:11	And Jesus stood before the governor: and the governor asked him, saying, Art thou the King of the Jews? And Jesus said unto him, Thou sayest.
Matthew 27:21	The governor answered and said unto them, Whether of the twain will ye that I release unto you? They said, Barabbas.
Matthew 27:31	And after that they had mocked him, they took the robe off from him, and put his own raiment on him, and led him away to crucify him.
Matthew 27:41	Likewise also the chief priests mocking him, with the scribes and elders, said,
Matthew 27:51	And, behold, the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom; and the earth did quake, and the rocks rent;
Matthew 27:61	And there was Mary Magdalene, and the other Mary, sitting over against the sepulchre.
Matthew 28:5	And the angel answered and said unto the women, Fear not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified.
Matthew 28:15	So they took the money, and did as they were taught: and this saying is commonly reported among the Jews until this day.
Mark 1:5	And there went out unto him all the land of Judaea, and they of Jerusalem, and were all baptized of him in the river of Jordan, confessing their sins.
Mark 1:15	And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.
Mark 1:25	And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him.
Mark 1:35	And in the morning, rising up a great while before day, he went out, and departed into a solitary place, and there prayed.
Mark 1:45	But he went out, and began to publish it much, and to blaze abroad the matter, insomuch that Jesus could no more openly enter into the city, but was without in desert places: and they came to him from every quarter.
Mark 2:10	But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (he saith to the sick of the palsy,)
Mark 2:20	But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then shall they fast in those days.
Mark 3:2	And they watched him, whether he would heal him on the sabbath day; that they might accuse him.
Mark 3:12	And he straitly charged them that they should not make him known.
Mark 3:22	And the scribes which came down from Jerusalem said, He hath Beelzebub, and by the prince of the devils casteth he out devils.
Mark 3:32	And the multitude sat about him, and they said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren without seek for thee.
Mark 4:7	And some fell among thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no fruit.
Mark 4:17	And have no root in themselves, and so endure but for a time: afterward, when affliction or persecution ariseth for the word's sake, immediately they are offended.
Mark 4:27	And should sleep, and rise night and day, and the seed should spring and grow up, he knoweth not how.
Mark 4:37	And there arose a great storm of wind, and the waves beat into the ship, so that it was now full.
Mark 5:6	But when he saw Jesus afar off, he ran and worshipped him,
Mark 5:16	And they that saw it told them how it befell to him that was possessed with the devil, and also concerning the swine.
Mark 5:26	And had suffered many things of many physicians, and had spent all that she had, and was nothing bettered, but rather grew worse,
Mark 5:36	As soon as Jesus heard the word that was spoken, he saith unto the ruler of the synagogue, Be not afraid, only believe.
Mark 6:3	Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary, the brother of James, and Joses, and of Juda, and Simon? and are not his sisters here with us? And they were offended at him.
Mark 6:13	And they cast out many devils, and anointed with oil many that were sick, and healed them.
Mark 6:23	And he sware unto her, Whatsoever thou shalt ask of me, I will give it thee, unto the half of my kingdom.
Mark 6:33	And the people saw them departing, and many knew him, and ran afoot thither out of all cities, and outwent them, and came together unto him.
Mark 6:43	And they took up twelve baskets full of the fragments, and of the fishes.
Mark 6:53	And when they had passed over, they came into the land of Gennesaret, and drew to the shore.
Mark 7:7	Howbeit in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.
Mark 7:17	And when he was entered into the house from the people, his disciples asked him concerning the parable.
Mark 7:27	But Jesus said unto her, Let the children first be filled: for it is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it unto the dogs.
Mark 7:37	And were beyond measure astonished, saying, He hath done all things well: he maketh both the deaf to hear, and the dumb to speak.
Mark 8:10	And straightway he entered into a ship with his disciples, and came into the parts of Dalmanutha.
Mark 8:20	And when the seven among four thousand, how many baskets full of fragments took ye up? And they said, Seven.
Mark 8:30	And he charged them that they should tell no man of him.
Mark 9:2	And after six days Jesus taketh with him Peter, and James, and John, and leadeth them up into an high mountain apart by themselves: and he was transfigured before them.
Mark 9:12	And he answered and told them, Elias verily cometh first, and restoreth all things; and how it is written of the Son of man, that he must suffer many things, and be set at nought.
Mark 9:22	And ofttimes it hath cast him into the fire, and into the waters, to destroy him: but if thou canst do any thing, have compassion on us, and help us.
Mark 9:32	But they understood not that saying, and were afraid to ask him.
Mark 9:42	And whosoever shall offend one of these little ones that believe in me, it is better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he were cast into the sea.
Mark 10:2	And the Pharisees came to him, and asked him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife? tempting him.
Mark 10:12	And if a woman shall put away her husband, and be married to another, she committeth adultery.
Mark 10:22	And he was sad at that saying, and went away grieved: for he had great possessions.
Mark 10:32	And they were in the way going up to Jerusalem; and Jesus went before them: and they were amazed; and as they followed, they were afraid. And he took again the twelve, and began to tell them what things should happen unto him,
Mark 10:42	But Jesus called them to him, and saith unto them, Ye know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and their great ones exercise authority upon them.
Mark 10:52	And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight, and followed Jesus in the way.
Mark 11:10	Blessed be the kingdom of our father David, that cometh in the name of the Lord: Hosanna in the highest.
Mark 11:20	And in the morning, as they passed by, they saw the fig tree dried up from the roots.
Mark 11:30	The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or of men? answer me.
Mark 12:7	But those husbandmen said among themselves, This is the heir; come, let us kill him, and the inheritance shall be our's.
Mark 12:17	And Jesus answering said unto them, Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's. And they marvelled at him.
Mark 12:27	He is not the God of the dead, but the God of the living: ye therefore do greatly err.
Mark 12:37	David therefore himself calleth him Lord; and whence is he then his son? And the common people heard him gladly.
Mark 13:3	And as he sat upon the mount of Olives over against the temple, Peter and James and John and Andrew asked him privately,
Mark 13:13	And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved.
Mark 13:23	But take ye heed: behold, I have foretold you all things.
Mark 13:33	Take ye heed, watch and pray: for ye know not when the time is.
Mark 14:6	And Jesus said, Let her alone; why trouble ye her? she hath wrought a good work on me.
Mark 14:16	And his disciples went forth, and came into the city, and found as he had said unto them: and they made ready the passover.
Mark 14:26	And when they had sung an hymn, they went out into the mount of Olives.
Mark 14:36	And he said, Abba, Father, all things are possible unto thee; take away this cup from me: nevertheless not what I will, but what thou wilt.
Mark 14:46	And they laid their hands on him, and took him.
Mark 14:56	For many bare false witness against him, but their witness agreed not together.
Mark 14:66	And as Peter was beneath in the palace, there cometh one of the maids of the high priest:
Mark 15:4	And Pilate asked him again, saying, Answerest thou nothing? behold how many things they witness against thee.
Mark 15:14	Then Pilate said unto them, Why, what evil hath he done? And they cried out the more exceedingly, Crucify him.
Mark 15:24	And when they had crucified him, they parted his garments, casting lots upon them, what every man should take.
Mark 15:34	And at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani? which is, being interpreted, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?
Mark 15:44	And Pilate marvelled if he were already dead: and calling unto him the centurion, he asked him whether he had been any while dead.
Mark 16:7	But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.
Mark 16:17	And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;
Luke 1:7	And they had no child, because that Elisabeth was barren, and they both were now well stricken in years.
Luke 1:17	And he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elias, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just; to make ready a people prepared for the Lord.
Luke 1:27	To a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David; and the virgin's name was Mary.
Luke 1:37	For with God nothing shall be impossible.
Luke 1:47	And my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour.
Luke 1:57	Now Elisabeth's full time came that she should be delivered; and she brought forth a son.
Luke 1:67	And his father Zacharias was filled with the Holy Ghost, and prophesied, saying,
Luke 1:77	To give knowledge of salvation unto his people by the remission of their sins,
Luke 2:7	And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn.
Luke 2:17	And when they had seen it, they made known abroad the saying which was told them concerning this child.
Luke 2:27	And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law,
Luke 2:37	And she was a widow of about fourscore and four years, which departed not from the temple, but served God with fastings and prayers night and day.
Luke 2:47	And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers.
Luke 3:5	Every valley shall be filled, and every mountain and hill shall be brought low; and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough ways shall be made smooth;
Luke 3:15	And as the people were in expectation, and all men mused in their hearts of John, whether he were the Christ, or not;
Luke 3:25	Which was the son of Mattathias, which was the son of Amos, which was the son of Naum, which was the son of Esli, which was the son of Nagge,
Luke 3:35	Which was the son of Saruch, which was the son of Ragau, which was the son of Phalec, which was the son of Heber, which was the son of Sala,
Luke 4:7	If thou therefore wilt worship me, all shall be thine.
Luke 4:17	And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Esaias. And when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written,
Luke 4:27	And many lepers were in Israel in the time of Eliseus the prophet; and none of them was cleansed, saving Naaman the Syrian.
Luke 4:37	And the fame of him went out into every place of the country round about.
Luke 5:3	And he entered into one of the ships, which was Simon's, and prayed him that he would thrust out a little from the land. And he sat down, and taught the people out of the ship.
Luke 5:13	And he put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will: be thou clean. And immediately the leprosy departed from him.
Luke 5:23	Whether is easier, to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Rise up and walk?
Luke 5:33	And they said unto him, Why do the disciples of John fast often, and make prayers, and likewise the disciples of the Pharisees; but thine eat and drink?
Luke 6:4	How he went into the house of God, and did take and eat the shewbread, and gave also to them that were with him; which it is not lawful to eat but for the priests alone?
Luke 6:14	Simon, (whom he also named Peter,) and Andrew his brother, James and John, Philip and Bartholomew,
Luke 6:24	But woe unto you that are rich! for ye have received your consolation.
Luke 6:34	And if ye lend to them of whom ye hope to receive, what thank have ye? for sinners also lend to sinners, to receive as much again.
Luke 6:44	For every tree is known by his own fruit. For of thorns men do not gather figs, nor of a bramble bush gather they grapes.
Luke 7:5	For he loveth our nation, and he hath built us a synagogue.
Luke 7:15	And he that was dead sat up, and began to speak. And he delivered him to his mother.
Luke 7:25	But what went ye out for to see? A man clothed in soft raiment? Behold, they which are gorgeously apparelled, and live delicately, are in kings' courts.
Luke 7:35	But wisdom is justified of all her children.
Luke 7:45	Thou gavest me no kiss: but this woman since the time I came in hath not ceased to kiss my feet.
Luke 8:5	A sower went out to sow his seed: and as he sowed, some fell by the way side; and it was trodden down, and the fowls of the air devoured it.
Luke 8:15	But that on the good ground are they, which in an honest and good heart, having heard the word, keep it, and bring forth fruit with patience.
Luke 8:25	And he said unto them, Where is your faith? And they being afraid wondered, saying one to another, What manner of man is this! for he commandeth even the winds and water, and they obey him.
Luke 8:35	Then they went out to see what was done; and came to Jesus, and found the man, out of whom the devils were departed, sitting at the feet of Jesus, clothed, and in his right mind: and they were afraid.
Luke 8:45	And Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied, Peter and they that were with him said, Master, the multitude throng thee and press thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?
Luke 8:55	And her spirit came again, and she arose straightway: and he commanded to give her meat.
Luke 9:9	And Herod said, John have I beheaded: but who is this, of whom I hear such things? And he desired to see him.
Luke 9:19	They answering said, John the Baptist; but some say, Elias; and others say, that one of the old prophets is risen again.
Luke 9:29	And as he prayed, the fashion of his countenance was altered, and his raiment was white and glistering.
Luke 9:39	And, lo, a spirit taketh him, and he suddenly crieth out; and it teareth him that he foameth again, and bruising him hardly departeth from him.
Luke 9:49	And John answered and said, Master, we saw one casting out devils in thy name; and we forbad him, because he followeth not with us.
Luke 9:59	And he said unto another, Follow me. But he said, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father.
Luke 10:7	And in the same house remain, eating and drinking such things as they give: for the labourer is worthy of his hire. Go not from house to house.
Luke 10:17	And the seventy returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name.
Luke 10:27	And he answering said, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy neighbour as thyself.
Luke 10:37	And he said, He that shewed mercy on him. Then said Jesus unto him, Go, and do thou likewise.
Luke 11:5	And he said unto them, Which of you shall have a friend, and shall go unto him at midnight, and say unto him, Friend, lend me three loaves;
Luke 11:15	But some of them said, He casteth out devils through Beelzebub the chief of the devils.
Luke 11:25	And when he cometh, he findeth it swept and garnished.
Luke 11:35	Take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not darkness.
Luke 11:45	Then answered one of the lawyers, and said unto him, Master, thus saying thou reproachest us also.
Luke 12:1	In the mean time, when there were gathered together an innumerable multitude of people, insomuch that they trode one upon another, he began to say unto his disciples first of all, Beware ye of the leaven of the Pharisees, which is hypocrisy.
Luke 12:11	And when they bring you unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates, and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer, or what ye shall say:
Luke 12:21	So is he that layeth up treasure for himself, and is not rich toward God.
Luke 12:31	But rather seek ye the kingdom of God; and all these things shall be added unto you.
Luke 12:41	Then Peter said unto him, Lord, speakest thou this parable unto us, or even to all?
Luke 12:51	Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth? I tell you, Nay; but rather division:
Luke 13:2	And Jesus answering said unto them, Suppose ye that these Galilaeans were sinners above all the Galilaeans, because they suffered such things?
Luke 13:12	And when Jesus saw her, he called her to him, and said unto her, Woman, thou art loosed from thine infirmity.
Luke 13:22	And he went through the cities and villages, teaching, and journeying toward Jerusalem.
Luke 13:32	And he said unto them, Go ye, and tell that fox, Behold, I cast out devils, and I do cures to day and to morrow, and the third day I shall be perfected.
Luke 14:7	And he put forth a parable to those which were bidden, when he marked how they chose out the chief rooms; saying unto them.
Luke 14:17	And sent his servant at supper time to say to them that were bidden, Come; for all things are now ready.
Luke 14:27	And whosoever doth not bear his cross, and come after me, cannot be my disciple.
Luke 15:2	And the Pharisees and scribes murmured, saying, This man receiveth sinners, and eateth with them.
Luke 15:12	And the younger of them said to his father, Father, give me the portion of goods that falleth to me. And he divided unto them his living.
Luke 15:22	But the father said to his servants, Bring forth the best robe, and put it on him; and put a ring on his hand, and shoes on his feet:
Luke 15:32	It was meet that we should make merry, and be glad: for this thy brother was dead, and is alive again; and was lost, and is found.
Luke 16:10	He that is faithful in that which is least is faithful also in much: and he that is unjust in the least is unjust also in much.
Luke 16:20	And there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, which was laid at his gate, full of sores,
Luke 16:30	And he said, Nay, father Abraham: but if one went unto them from the dead, they will repent.
Luke 17:9	Doth he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded him? I trow not.
Luke 17:19	And he said unto him, Arise, go thy way: thy faith hath made thee whole.
Luke 17:29	But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom it rained fire and brimstone from heaven, and destroyed them all.
Luke 18:2	Saying, There was in a city a judge, which feared not God, neither regarded man:
Luke 18:12	I fast twice in the week, I give tithes of all that I possess.
Luke 18:22	Now when Jesus heard these things, he said unto him, Yet lackest thou one thing: sell all that thou hast, and distribute unto the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, follow me.
Luke 18:32	For he shall be delivered unto the Gentiles, and shall be mocked, and spitefully entreated, and spitted on:
Luke 18:42	And Jesus said unto him, Receive thy sight: thy faith hath saved thee.
Luke 19:9	And Jesus said unto him, This day is salvation come to this house, forsomuch as he also is a son of Abraham.
Luke 19:19	And he said likewise to him, Be thou also over five cities.
Luke 19:29	And it came to pass, when he was come nigh to Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount called the mount of Olives, he sent two of his disciples,
Luke 19:39	And some of the Pharisees from among the multitude said unto him, Master, rebuke thy disciples.
Luke 20:1	And it came to pass, that on one of those days, as he taught the people in the temple, and preached the gospel, the chief priests and the scribes came upon him with the elders,
Luke 20:11	And again he sent another servant: and they beat him also, and entreated him shamefully, and sent him away empty.
Luke 20:21	And they asked him, saying, Master, we know that thou sayest and teachest rightly, neither acceptest thou the person of any, but teachest the way of God truly:
Luke 20:31	And the third took her; and in like manner the seven also: and they left no children, and died.
Luke 20:41	And he said unto them, How say they that Christ is David's son?
Luke 21:4	For all these have of their abundance cast in unto the offerings of God: but she of her penury hath cast in all the living that she had.
Luke 21:14	Settle it therefore in your hearts, not to meditate before what ye shall answer:
Luke 21:24	And they shall fall by the edge of the sword, and shall be led away captive into all nations: and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled.
Luke 21:34	And take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with surfeiting, and drunkenness, and cares of this life, and so that day come upon you unawares.
Luke 22:6	And he promised, and sought opportunity to betray him unto them in the absence of the multitude.
Luke 22:16	For I say unto you, I will not any more eat thereof, until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of God.
Luke 22:26	But ye shall not be so: but he that is greatest among you, let him be as the younger; and he that is chief, as he that doth serve.
Luke 22:36	Then said he unto them, But now, he that hath a purse, let him take it, and likewise his scrip: and he that hath no sword, let him sell his garment, and buy one.
Luke 22:46	And said unto them, Why sleep ye? rise and pray, lest ye enter into temptation.
Luke 22:56	But a certain maid beheld him as he sat by the fire, and earnestly looked upon him, and said, This man was also with him.
Luke 22:66	And as soon as it was day, the elders of the people and the chief priests and the scribes came together, and led him into their council, saying,
Luke 23:5	And they were the more fierce, saying, He stirreth up the people, teaching throughout all Jewry, beginning from Galilee to this place.
Luke 23:15	No, nor yet Herod: for I sent you to him; and, lo, nothing worthy of death is done unto him.
Luke 23:25	And he released unto them him that for sedition and murder was cast into prison, whom they had desired; but he delivered Jesus to their will.
Luke 23:35	And the people stood beholding. And the rulers also with them derided him, saying, He saved others; let him save himself, if he be Christ, the chosen of God.
Luke 23:45	And the sun was darkened, and the veil of the temple was rent in the midst.
Luke 23:55	And the women also, which came with him from Galilee, followed after, and beheld the sepulchre, and how his body was laid.
Luke 24:9	And returned from the sepulchre, and told all these things unto the eleven, and to all the rest.
Luke 24:19	And he said unto them, What things? And they said unto him, Concerning Jesus of Nazareth, which was a prophet mighty in deed and word before God and all the people:
Luke 24:29	But they constrained him, saying, Abide with us: for it is toward evening, and the day is far spent. And he went in to tarry with them.
Luke 24:39	Behold my hands and my feet, that it is I myself: handle me, and see; for a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have.
Luke 24:49	And, behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you: but tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high.
John 1:6	There was a man sent from God, whose name was John.
John 1:16	And of his fulness have all we received, and grace for grace.
John 1:26	John answered them, saying, I baptize with water: but there standeth one among you, whom ye know not;
John 1:36	And looking upon Jesus as he walked, he saith, Behold the Lamb of God!
John 1:46	And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see.
John 2:5	His mother saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do it.
John 2:15	And when he had made a scourge of small cords, he drove them all out of the temple, and the sheep, and the oxen; and poured out the changers' money, and overthrew the tables;
John 2:25	And needed not that any should testify of man: for he knew what was in man.
John 3:10	Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest not these things?
John 3:20	For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.
John 3:30	He must increase, but I must decrease.
John 4:4	And he must needs go through Samaria.
John 4:14	But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life.
John 4:24	God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.
John 4:34	Jesus saith unto them, My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and to finish his work.
John 4:44	For Jesus himself testified, that a prophet hath no honour in his own country.
John 4:54	This is again the second miracle that Jesus did, when he was come out of Judaea into Galilee.
John 5:10	The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed.
John 5:20	For the Father loveth the Son, and sheweth him all things that himself doeth: and he will shew him greater works than these, that ye may marvel.
John 5:30	I can of mine own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me.
John 5:40	And ye will not come to me, that ye might have life.
John 6:3	And Jesus went up into a mountain, and there he sat with his disciples.
John 6:13	Therefore they gathered them together, and filled twelve baskets with the fragments of the five barley loaves, which remained over and above unto them that had eaten.
John 6:23	(Howbeit there came other boats from Tiberias nigh unto the place where they did eat bread, after that the Lord had given thanks:)
John 6:33	For the bread of God is he which cometh down from heaven, and giveth life unto the world.
John 6:43	Jesus therefore answered and said unto them, Murmur not among yourselves.
John 6:53	Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you.
John 6:63	It is the spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life.
John 7:2	Now the Jew's feast of tabernacles was at hand.
John 7:12	And there was much murmuring among the people concerning him: for some said, He is a good man: others said, Nay; but he deceiveth the people.
John 7:22	Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision; (not because it is of Moses, but of the fathers;) and ye on the sabbath day circumcise a man.
John 7:32	The Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concerning him; and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him.
John 7:42	Hath not the scripture said, That Christ cometh of the seed of David, and out of the town of Bethlehem, where David was?
John 7:52	They answered and said unto him, Art thou also of Galilee? Search, and look: for out of Galilee ariseth no prophet.
John 8:9	And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the midst.
John 8:19	Then said they unto him, Where is thy Father? Jesus answered, Ye neither know me, nor my Father: if ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also.
John 8:29	And he that sent me is with me: the Father hath not left me alone; for I do always those things that please him.
John 8:39	They answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus saith unto them, If ye were Abraham's children, ye would do the works of Abraham.
John 8:49	Jesus answered, I have not a devil; but I honour my Father, and ye do dishonour me.
John 8:59	Then took they up stones to cast at him: but Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple, going through the midst of them, and so passed by.
John 9:10	Therefore said they unto him, How were thine eyes opened?
John 9:20	His parents answered them and said, We know that this is our son, and that he was born blind:
John 9:30	The man answered and said unto them, Why herein is a marvellous thing, that ye know not from whence he is, and yet he hath opened mine eyes.
John 9:40	And some of the Pharisees which were with him heard these words, and said unto him, Are we blind also?
John 10:9	I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture.
John 10:19	There was a division therefore again among the Jews for these sayings.
John 10:29	My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand.
John 10:39	Therefore they sought again to take him: but he escaped out of their hand,
John 11:7	Then after that saith he to his disciples, Let us go into Judaea again.
John 11:17	Then when Jesus came, he found that he had lain in the grave four days already.
John 11:27	She saith unto him, Yea, Lord: I believe that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, which should come into the world.
John 11:37	And some of them said, Could not this man, which opened the eyes of the blind, have caused that even this man should not have died?
John 11:47	Then gathered the chief priests and the Pharisees a council, and said, What do we? for this man doeth many miracles.
John 11:57	Now both the chief priests and the Pharisees had given a commandment, that, if any man knew where he were, he should shew it, that they might take him.
John 12:10	But the chief priests consulted that they might put Lazarus also to death;
John 12:20	And there were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the feast:
John 12:30	Jesus answered and said, This voice came not because of me, but for your sakes.
John 12:40	He hath blinded their eyes, and hardened their heart; that they should not see with their eyes, nor understand with their heart, and be converted, and I should heal them.
John 12:50	And I know that his commandment is life everlasting: whatsoever I speak therefore, even as the Father said unto me, so I speak.
John 13:10	Jesus saith to him, He that is washed needeth not save to wash his feet, but is clean every whit: and ye are clean, but not all.
John 13:20	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that receiveth whomsoever I send receiveth me; and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me.
John 13:30	He then having received the sop went immediately out: and it was night.
John 14:2	In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you.
John 14:12	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father.
John 14:22	Judas saith unto him, not Iscariot, Lord, how is it that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world?
John 15:1	I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman.
John 15:11	These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full.
John 15:21	But all these things will they do unto you for my name's sake, because they know not him that sent me.
John 16:4	But these things have I told you, that when the time shall come, ye may remember that I told you of them. And these things I said not unto you at the beginning, because I was with you.
John 16:14	He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you.
John 16:24	Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full.
John 17:1	These words spake Jesus, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son, that thy Son also may glorify thee:
John 17:11	And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are.
John 17:21	That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me.
John 18:5	They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them.
John 18:15	And Simon Peter followed Jesus, and so did another disciple: that disciple was known unto the high priest, and went in with Jesus into the palace of the high priest.
John 18:25	And Simon Peter stood and warmed himself. They said therefore unto him, Art not thou also one of his disciples? He denied it, and said, I am not.
John 18:35	Pilate answered, Am I a Jew? Thine own nation and the chief priests have delivered thee unto me: what hast thou done?
John 19:5	Then came Jesus forth, wearing the crown of thorns, and the purple robe. And Pilate saith unto them, Behold the man!
John 19:15	But they cried out, Away with him, away with him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Shall I crucify your King? The chief priests answered, We have no king but Caesar.
John 19:25	Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene.
John 19:35	And he that saw it bare record, and his record is true: and he knoweth that he saith true, that ye might believe.
John 20:3	Peter therefore went forth, and that other disciple, and came to the sepulchre.
John 20:13	And they say unto her, Woman, why weepest thou? She saith unto them, Because they have taken away my LORD, and I know not where they have laid him.
John 20:23	Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained.
John 21:2	There were together Simon Peter, and Thomas called Didymus, and Nathanael of Cana in Galilee, and the sons of Zebedee, and two other of his disciples.
John 21:12	Jesus saith unto them, Come and dine. And none of the disciples durst ask him, Who art thou? knowing that it was the Lord.
John 21:22	Jesus saith unto him, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? follow thou me.
Acts 1:7	And he said unto them, It is not for you to know the times or the seasons, which the Father hath put in his own power.
Acts 1:17	For he was numbered with us, and had obtained part of this ministry.
Acts 2:1	And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.
Acts 2:11	Cretes and Arabians, we do hear them speak in our tongues the wonderful works of God.
Acts 2:21	And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Acts 2:31	He seeing this before spake of the resurrection of Christ, that his soul was not left in hell, neither his flesh did see corruption.
Acts 2:41	Then they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls.
Acts 3:4	And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us.
Acts 3:14	But ye denied the Holy One and the Just, and desired a murderer to be granted unto you;
Acts 3:24	Yea, and all the prophets from Samuel and those that follow after, as many as have spoken, have likewise foretold of these days.
Acts 4:8	Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, and elders of Israel,
Acts 4:18	And they called them, and commanded them not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus.
Acts 4:28	For to do whatsoever thy hand and thy counsel determined before to be done.
Acts 5:1	But a certain man named Ananias, with Sapphira his wife, sold a possession,
Acts 5:11	And great fear came upon all the church, and upon as many as heard these things.
Acts 5:21	And when they heard that, they entered into the temple early in the morning, and taught. But the high priest came, and they that were with him, and called the council together, and all the senate of the children of Israel, and sent to the prison to have them brought.
Acts 5:31	Him hath God exalted with his right hand to be a Prince and a Saviour, for to give repentance to Israel, and forgiveness of sins.
Acts 5:41	And they departed from the presence of the council, rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for his name.
Acts 6:9	Then there arose certain of the synagogue, which is called the synagogue of the Libertines, and Cyrenians, and Alexandrians, and of them of Cilicia and of Asia, disputing with Stephen.
Acts 7:4	Then came he out of the land of the Chaldaeans, and dwelt in Charran: and from thence, when his father was dead, he removed him into this land, wherein ye now dwell.
Acts 7:14	Then sent Joseph, and called his father Jacob to him, and all his kindred, threescore and fifteen souls.
Acts 7:24	And seeing one of them suffer wrong, he defended him, and avenged him that was oppressed, and smote the Egyptian:
Acts 7:34	I have seen, I have seen the affliction of my people which is in Egypt, and I have heard their groaning, and am come down to deliver them. And now come, I will send thee into Egypt.
Acts 7:44	Our fathers had the tabernacle of witness in the wilderness, as he had appointed, speaking unto Moses, that he should make it according to the fashion that he had seen.
Acts 7:54	When they heard these things, they were cut to the heart, and they gnashed on him with their teeth.
Acts 8:4	Therefore they that were scattered abroad went every where preaching the word.
Acts 8:14	Now when the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John:
Acts 8:24	Then answered Simon, and said, Pray ye to the LORD for me, that none of these things which ye have spoken come upon me.
Acts 8:34	And the eunuch answered Philip, and said, I pray thee, of whom speaketh the prophet this? of himself, or of some other man?
Acts 9:4	And he fell to the earth, and heard a voice saying unto him, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?
Acts 9:14	And here he hath authority from the chief priests to bind all that call on thy name.
Acts 9:24	But their laying await was known of Saul. And they watched the gates day and night to kill him.
Acts 9:34	And Peter said unto him, Aeneas, Jesus Christ maketh thee whole: arise, and make thy bed. And he arose immediately.
Acts 10:1	There was a certain man in Caesarea called Cornelius, a centurion of the band called the Italian band,
Acts 10:11	And saw heaven opened, and a certain vessel descending upon him, as it had been a great sheet knit at the four corners, and let down to the earth:
Acts 10:21	Then Peter went down to the men which were sent unto him from Cornelius; and said, Behold, I am he whom ye seek: what is the cause wherefore ye are come?
Acts 10:31	And said, Cornelius, thy prayer is heard, and thine alms are had in remembrance in the sight of God.
Acts 10:41	Not to all the people, but unto witnesses chosen before God, even to us, who did eat and drink with him after he rose from the dead.
Acts 11:3	Saying, Thou wentest in to men uncircumcised, and didst eat with them.
Acts 11:13	And he shewed us how he had seen an angel in his house, which stood and said unto him, Send men to Joppa, and call for Simon, whose surname is Peter;
Acts 11:23	Who, when he came, and had seen the grace of God, was glad, and exhorted them all, that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord.
Acts 12:3	And because he saw it pleased the Jews, he proceeded further to take Peter also. (Then were the days of unleavened bread.)
Acts 12:13	And as Peter knocked at the door of the gate, a damsel came to hearken, named Rhoda.
Acts 12:23	And immediately the angel of the Lord smote him, because he gave not God the glory: and he was eaten of worms, and gave up the ghost.
Acts 13:8	But Elymas the sorcerer (for so is his name by interpretation) withstood them, seeking to turn away the deputy from the faith.
Acts 13:18	And about the time of forty years suffered he their manners in the wilderness.
Acts 13:28	And though they found no cause of death in him, yet desired they Pilate that he should be slain.
Acts 13:38	Be it known unto you therefore, men and brethren, that through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins:
Acts 13:48	And when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad, and glorified the word of the Lord: and as many as were ordained to eternal life believed.
Acts 14:6	They were ware of it, and fled unto Lystra and Derbe, cities of Lycaonia, and unto the region that lieth round about:
Acts 14:16	Who in times past suffered all nations to walk in their own ways.
Acts 14:26	And thence sailed to Antioch, from whence they had been recommended to the grace of God for the work which they fulfilled.
Acts 15:8	And God, which knoweth the hearts, bare them witness, giving them the Holy Ghost, even as he did unto us;
Acts 15:18	Known unto God are all his works from the beginning of the world.
Acts 15:28	For it seemed good to the Holy Ghost, and to us, to lay upon you no greater burden than these necessary things;
Acts 15:38	But Paul thought not good to take him with them, who departed from them from Pamphylia, and went not with them to the work.
Acts 16:7	After they were come to Mysia, they assayed to go into Bithynia: but the Spirit suffered them not.
Acts 16:17	The same followed Paul and us, and cried, saying, These men are the servants of the most high God, which shew unto us the way of salvation.
Acts 16:27	And the keeper of the prison awaking out of his sleep, and seeing the prison doors open, he drew out his sword, and would have killed himself, supposing that the prisoners had been fled.
Acts 16:37	But Paul said unto them, They have beaten us openly uncondemned, being Romans, and have cast us into prison; and now do they thrust us out privily? nay verily; but let them come themselves and fetch us out.
Acts 17:7	Whom Jason hath received: and these all do contrary to the decrees of Caesar, saying that there is another king, one Jesus.
Acts 17:17	Therefore disputed he in the synagogue with the Jews, and with the devout persons, and in the market daily with them that met with him.
Acts 17:27	That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us:
Acts 18:3	And because he was of the same craft, he abode with them, and wrought: for by their occupation they were tentmakers.
Acts 18:13	Saying, This fellow persuadeth men to worship God contrary to the law.
Acts 18:23	And after he had spent some time there, he departed, and went over all the country of Galatia and Phrygia in order, strengthening all the disciples.
Acts 19:5	When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.
Acts 19:15	And the evil spirit answered and said, Jesus I know, and Paul I know; but who are ye?
Acts 19:25	Whom he called together with the workmen of like occupation, and said, Sirs, ye know that by this craft we have our wealth.
Acts 19:35	And when the townclerk had appeased the people, he said, Ye men of Ephesus, what man is there that knoweth not how that the city of the Ephesians is a worshipper of the great goddess Diana, and of the image which fell down from Jupiter?
Acts 20:4	And there accompanied him into Asia Sopater of Berea; and of the Thessalonians, Aristarchus and Secundus; and Gaius of Derbe, and Timotheus; and of Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus.
Acts 20:14	And when he met with us at Assos, we took him in, and came to Mitylene.
Acts 20:24	But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy, and the ministry, which I have received of the Lord Jesus, to testify the gospel of the grace of God.
Acts 20:34	Yea, ye yourselves know, that these hands have ministered unto my necessities, and to them that were with me.
Acts 21:6	And when we had taken our leave one of another, we took ship; and they returned home again.
Acts 21:16	There went with us also certain of the disciples of Caesarea, and brought with them one Mnason of Cyprus, an old disciple, with whom we should lodge.
Acts 21:26	Then Paul took the men, and the next day purifying himself with them entered into the temple, to signify the accomplishment of the days of purification, until that an offering should be offered for every one of them.
Acts 21:36	For the multitude of the people followed after, crying, Away with him.
Acts 22:6	And it came to pass, that, as I made my journey, and was come nigh unto Damascus about noon, suddenly there shone from heaven a great light round about me.
Acts 22:16	And now why tarriest thou? arise, and be baptized, and wash away thy sins, calling on the name of the Lord.
Acts 22:26	When the centurion heard that, he went and told the chief captain, saying, Take heed what thou doest: for this man is a Roman.
Acts 23:6	But when Paul perceived that the one part were Sadducees, and the other Pharisees, he cried out in the council, Men and brethren, I am a Pharisee, the son of a Pharisee: of the hope and resurrection of the dead I am called in question.
Acts 23:16	And when Paul's sister's son heard of their lying in wait, he went and entered into the castle, and told Paul.
Acts 23:26	Claudius Lysias unto the most excellent governor Felix sendeth greeting.
Acts 24:1	And after five days Ananias the high priest descended with the elders, and with a certain orator named Tertullus, who informed the governor against Paul.
Acts 24:11	Because that thou mayest understand, that there are yet but twelve days since I went up to Jerusalem for to worship.
Acts 24:21	Except it be for this one voice, that I cried standing among them, Touching the resurrection of the dead I am called in question by you this day.
Acts 25:4	But Festus answered, that Paul should be kept at Caesarea, and that he himself would depart shortly thither.
Acts 25:14	And when they had been there many days, Festus declared Paul's cause unto the king, saying, There is a certain man left in bonds by Felix:
Acts 25:24	And Festus said, King Agrippa, and all men which are here present with us, ye see this man, about whom all the multitude of the Jews have dealt with me, both at Jerusalem, and also here, crying that he ought not to live any longer.
Acts 26:7	Unto which promise our twelve tribes, instantly serving God day and night, hope to come. For which hope's sake, king Agrippa, I am accused of the Jews.
Acts 26:17	Delivering thee from the people, and from the Gentiles, unto whom now I send thee,
Acts 26:27	King Agrippa, believest thou the prophets? I know that thou believest.
Acts 27:5	And when we had sailed over the sea of Cilicia and Pamphylia, we came to Myra, a city of Lycia.
Acts 27:15	And when the ship was caught, and could not bear up into the wind, we let her drive.
Acts 27:25	Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.
Acts 27:35	And when he had thus spoken, he took bread, and gave thanks to God in presence of them all: and when he had broken it, he began to eat.
Acts 28:1	And when they were escaped, then they knew that the island was called Melita.
Acts 28:11	And after three months we departed in a ship of Alexandria, which had wintered in the isle, whose sign was Castor and Pollux.
Acts 28:21	And they said unto him, We neither received letters out of Judaea concerning thee, neither any of the brethren that came shewed or spake any harm of thee.
Acts 28:31	Preaching the kingdom of God, and teaching those things which concern the Lord Jesus Christ, with all confidence, no man forbidding him.
Romans 1:10	Making request, if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come unto you.
Romans 1:20	For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse:
Romans 1:30	Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents,
Romans 2:8	But unto them that are contentious, and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, indignation and wrath,
Romans 2:18	And knowest his will, and approvest the things that are more excellent, being instructed out of the law;
Romans 2:28	For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh:
Romans 3:9	What then? are we better than they? No, in no wise: for we have before proved both Jews and Gentiles, that they are all under sin;
Romans 3:19	Now we know that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God.
Romans 3:29	Is he the God of the Jews only? is he not also of the Gentiles? Yes, of the Gentiles also:
Romans 4:8	Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin.
Romans 4:18	Who against hope believed in hope, that he might become the father of many nations, according to that which was spoken, So shall thy seed be.
Romans 5:3	And not only so, but we glory in tribulations also: knowing that tribulation worketh patience;
Romans 5:13	(For until the law sin was in the world: but sin is not imputed when there is no law.
Romans 6:2	God forbid. How shall we, that are dead to sin, live any longer therein?
Romans 6:12	Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that ye should obey it in the lusts thereof.
Romans 6:22	But now being made free from sin, and become servants to God, ye have your fruit unto holiness, and the end everlasting life.
Romans 7:9	For I was alive without the law once: but when the commandment came, sin revived, and I died.
Romans 7:19	For the good that I would I do not: but the evil which I would not, that I do.
Romans 8:4	That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.
Romans 8:14	For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.
Romans 8:24	For we are saved by hope: but hope that is seen is not hope: for what a man seeth, why doth he yet hope for?
Romans 8:34	Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.
Romans 9:5	Whose are the fathers, and of whom as concerning the flesh Christ came, who is over all, God blessed for ever. Amen.
Romans 9:15	For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion.
Romans 9:25	As he saith also in Osee, I will call them my people, which were not my people; and her beloved, which was not beloved.
Romans 10:2	For I bear them record that they have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge.
Romans 10:12	For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him.
Romans 11:1	I say then, Hath God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham, of the tribe of Benjamin.
Romans 11:11	I say then, Have they stumbled that they should fall? God forbid: but rather through their fall salvation is come unto the Gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy.
Romans 11:21	For if God spared not the natural branches, take heed lest he also spare not thee.
Romans 11:31	Even so have these also now not believed, that through your mercy they also may obtain mercy.
Romans 12:5	So we, being many, are one body in Christ, and every one members one of another.
Romans 12:15	Rejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep.
Romans 13:4	For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil.
Romans 13:14	But put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make not provision for the flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof.
Romans 14:10	But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost thou set at nought thy brother? for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ.
Romans 14:20	For meat destroy not the work of God. All things indeed are pure; but it is evil for that man who eateth with offence.
Romans 15:7	Wherefore receive ye one another, as Christ also received us to the glory of God.
Romans 15:17	I have therefore whereof I may glory through Jesus Christ in those things which pertain to God.
Romans 15:27	It hath pleased them verily; and their debtors they are. For if the Gentiles have been made partakers of their spiritual things, their duty is also to minister unto them in carnal things.
Romans 16:4	Who have for my life laid down their own necks: unto whom not only I give thanks, but also all the churches of the Gentiles.
Romans 16:14	Salute Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brethren which are with them.
Romans 16:24	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
1 Corinthians 1:7	So that ye come behind in no gift; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ:
1 Corinthians 1:17	For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel: not with wisdom of words, lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect.
1 Corinthians 1:27	But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty;
1 Corinthians 2:6	Howbeit we speak wisdom among them that are perfect: yet not the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this world, that come to nought:
1 Corinthians 2:16	For who hath known the mind of the Lord, that he may instruct him? But we have the mind of Christ.
1 Corinthians 3:10	According to the grace of God which is given unto me, as a wise masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon.
1 Corinthians 3:20	And again, The Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, that they are vain.
1 Corinthians 4:7	For who maketh thee to differ from another? and what hast thou that thou didst not receive? now if thou didst receive it, why dost thou glory, as if thou hadst not received it?
1 Corinthians 4:17	For this cause have I sent unto you Timotheus, who is my beloved son, and faithful in the Lord, who shall bring you into remembrance of my ways which be in Christ, as I teach every where in every church.
1 Corinthians 5:6	Your glorying is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump?
1 Corinthians 6:3	Know ye not that we shall judge angels? how much more things that pertain to this life?
1 Corinthians 6:13	Meats for the belly, and the belly for meats: but God shall destroy both it and them. Now the body is not for fornication, but for the Lord; and the Lord for the body.
1 Corinthians 7:3	Let the husband render unto the wife due benevolence: and likewise also the wife unto the husband.
1 Corinthians 7:13	And the woman which hath an husband that believeth not, and if he be pleased to dwell with her, let her not leave him.
1 Corinthians 7:23	Ye are bought with a price; be not ye the servants of men.
1 Corinthians 7:33	But he that is married careth for the things that are of the world, how he may please his wife.
1 Corinthians 8:3	But if any man love God, the same is known of him.
1 Corinthians 8:13	Wherefore, if meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesh while the world standeth, lest I make my brother to offend.
1 Corinthians 9:10	Or saith he it altogether for our sakes? For our sakes, no doubt, this is written: that he that ploweth should plow in hope; and that he that thresheth in hope should be partaker of his hope.
1 Corinthians 9:20	And unto the Jews I became as a Jew, that I might gain the Jews; to them that are under the law, as under the law, that I might gain them that are under the law;
1 Corinthians 10:3	|And did all eat the same spiritual meat;
1 Corinthians 10:13	There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it.
1 Corinthians 10:23	All things are lawful for me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawful for me, but all things edify not.
1 Corinthians 10:33	Even as I please all men in all things, not seeking mine own profit, but the profit of many, that they may be saved.
1 Corinthians 11:10	For this cause ought the woman to have power on her head because of the angels.
1 Corinthians 11:20	When ye come together therefore into one place, this is not to eat the Lord's supper.
1 Corinthians 11:30	For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep.
1 Corinthians 12:6	And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which worketh all in all.
1 Corinthians 12:16	And if the ear shall say, Because I am not the eye, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body?
1 Corinthians 12:26	And whether one member suffer, all the members suffer with it; or one member be honoured, all the members rejoice with it.
1 Corinthians 13:5	Doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil;
1 Corinthians 14:2	For he that speaketh in an unknown tongue speaketh not unto men, but unto God: for no man understandeth him; howbeit in the spirit he speaketh mysteries.
1 Corinthians 14:12	Even so ye, forasmuch as ye are zealous of spiritual gifts, seek that ye may excel to the edifying of the church.
1 Corinthians 14:22	Wherefore tongues are for a sign, not to them that believe, but to them that believe not: but prophesying serveth not for them that believe not, but for them which believe.
1 Corinthians 14:32	And the spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophets.
1 Corinthians 15:2	By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.
1 Corinthians 15:12	Now if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead, how say some among you that there is no resurrection of the dead?
1 Corinthians 15:22	For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive.
1 Corinthians 15:32	If after the manner of men I have fought with beasts at Ephesus, what advantageth it me, if the dead rise not? let us eat and drink; for to morrow we die.
1 Corinthians 15:42	So also is the resurrection of the dead. It is sown in corruption; it is raised in incorruption:
1 Corinthians 15:52	In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed.
1 Corinthians 16:4	And if it be meet that I go also, they shall go with me.
1 Corinthians 16:14	Let all your things be done with charity.
1 Corinthians 16:24	My love be with you all in Christ Jesus. Amen.
2 Corinthians 1:10	Who delivered us from so great a death, and doth deliver: in whom we trust that he will yet deliver us;
2 Corinthians 1:20	For all the promises of God in him are yea, and in him Amen, unto the glory of God by us.
2 Corinthians 2:6	Sufficient to such a man is this punishment, which was inflicted of many.
2 Corinthians 2:16	To the one we are the savour of death unto death; and to the other the savour of life unto life. And who is sufficient for these things?
2 Corinthians 3:9	For if the ministration of condemnation be glory, much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory.
2 Corinthians 4:1	Therefore seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not;
2 Corinthians 4:11	For we which live are alway delivered unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh.
2 Corinthians 5:3	If so be that being clothed we shall not be found naked.
2 Corinthians 5:13	For whether we be beside ourselves, it is to God: or whether we be sober, it is for your cause.
2 Corinthians 6:2	(For he saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.)
2 Corinthians 6:12	Ye are not straitened in us, but ye are straitened in your own bowels.
2 Corinthians 7:4	Great is my boldness of speech toward you, great is my glorying of you: I am filled with comfort, I am exceeding joyful in all our tribulation.
2 Corinthians 7:14	For if I have boasted any thing to him of you, I am not ashamed; but as we spake all things to you in truth, even so our boasting, which I made before Titus, is found a truth.
2 Corinthians 8:8	I speak not by commandment, but by occasion of the forwardness of others, and to prove the sincerity of your love.
2 Corinthians 8:18	And we have sent with him the brother, whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches;
2 Corinthians 9:4	Lest haply if they of Macedonia come with me, and find you unprepared, we (that we say not, ye) should be ashamed in this same confident boasting.
2 Corinthians 9:14	And by their prayer for you, which long after you for the exceeding grace of God in you.
2 Corinthians 10:9	That I may not seem as if I would terrify you by letters.
2 Corinthians 11:1	Would to God ye could bear with me a little in my folly: and indeed bear with me.
2 Corinthians 11:11	Wherefore? because I love you not? God knoweth.
2 Corinthians 11:21	I speak as concerning reproach, as though we had been weak. Howbeit whereinsoever any is bold, (I speak foolishly,) I am bold also.
2 Corinthians 11:31	The God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which is blessed for evermore, knoweth that I lie not.
2 Corinthians 12:8	For this thing I besought the Lord thrice, that it might depart from me.
2 Corinthians 12:18	I desired Titus, and with him I sent a brother. Did Titus make a gain of you? walked we not in the same spirit? walked we not in the same steps?
2 Corinthians 13:7	Now I pray to God that ye do no evil; not that we should appear approved, but that ye should do that which is honest, though we be as reprobates.
Galatians 1:3	Grace be to you and peace from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus Christ,
Galatians 1:13	For ye have heard of my conversation in time past in the Jews' religion, how that beyond measure I persecuted the church of God, and wasted it:
Galatians 1:23	But they had heard only, That he which persecuted us in times past now preacheth the faith which once he destroyed.
Galatians 2:9	And when James, Cephas, and John, who seemed to be pillars, perceived the grace that was given unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we should go unto the heathen, and they unto the circumcision.
Galatians 2:19	For I through the law am dead to the law, that I might live unto God.
Galatians 3:8	And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the gospel unto Abraham, saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed.
Galatians 3:18	For if the inheritance be of the law, it is no more of promise: but God gave it to Abraham by promise.
Galatians 3:28	There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither male nor female: for ye are all one in Christ Jesus.
Galatians 4:9	But now, after that ye have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn ye again to the weak and beggarly elements, whereunto ye desire again to be in bondage?
Galatians 4:19	My little children, of whom I travail in birth again until Christ be formed in you,
Galatians 4:29	But as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the Spirit, even so it is now.
Galatians 5:8	This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you.
Galatians 5:18	But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law.
Galatians 6:2	Bear ye one another's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ.
Galatians 6:12	As many as desire to make a fair shew in the flesh, they constrain you to be circumcised; only lest they should suffer persecution for the cross of Christ.
Ephesians 1:4	According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love:
Ephesians 1:14	Which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession, unto the praise of his glory.
Ephesians 2:1	And you hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins;
Ephesians 2:11	Wherefore remember, that ye being in time past Gentiles in the flesh, who are called Uncircumcision by that which is called the Circumcision in the flesh made by hands;
Ephesians 2:21	In whom all the building fitly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord:
Ephesians 3:9	And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, who created all things by Jesus Christ:
Ephesians 3:19	And to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God.
Ephesians 4:8	Wherefore he saith, When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men.
Ephesians 4:18	Having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their heart:
Ephesians 4:28	Let him that stole steal no more: but rather let him labour, working with his hands the thing which is good, that he may have to give to him that needeth.
Ephesians 5:6	Let no man deceive you with vain words: for because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience.
Ephesians 5:16	Redeeming the time, because the days are evil.
Ephesians 5:26	That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word,
Ephesians 6:3	That it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long on the earth.
Ephesians 6:13	Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.
Ephesians 6:23	Peace be to the brethren, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Philippians 1:9	And this I pray, that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in all judgment;
Philippians 1:19	For I know that this shall turn to my salvation through your prayer, and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ,
Philippians 1:29	For unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ, not only to believe on him, but also to suffer for his sake;
Philippians 2:9	Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name:
Philippians 2:19	But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you, that I also may be of good comfort, when I know your state.
Philippians 2:29	Receive him therefore in the Lord with all gladness; and hold such in reputation:
Philippians 3:9	And be found in him, not having mine own righteousness, which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith:
Philippians 3:19	Whose end is destruction, whose God is their belly, and whose glory is in their shame, who mind earthly things.)
Philippians 4:8	Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.
Philippians 4:18	But I have all, and abound: I am full, having received of Epaphroditus the things which were sent from you, an odour of a sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, wellpleasing to God.
Colossians 1:5	For the hope which is laid up for you in heaven, whereof ye heard before in the word of the truth of the gospel;
Colossians 1:15	Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature:
Colossians 1:25	Whereof I am made a minister, according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you, to fulfil the word of God;
Colossians 2:6	As ye have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in him:
Colossians 2:16	Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holyday, or of the new moon, or of the sabbath days:
Colossians 3:3	For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God.
Colossians 3:13	Forbearing one another, and forgiving one another, if any man have a quarrel against any: even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye.
Colossians 3:23	And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men;
Colossians 4:8	Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that he might know your estate, and comfort your hearts;
Colossians 4:18	The salutation by the hand of me Paul. Remember my bonds. Grace be with you. Amen.
1 Thessalonians 1:10	And to wait for his Son from heaven, whom he raised from the dead, even Jesus, which delivered us from the wrath to come.
1 Thessalonians 2:10	Ye are witnesses, and God also, how holily and justly and unblameably we behaved ourselves among you that believe:
1 Thessalonians 2:20	For ye are our glory and joy.
1 Thessalonians 3:10	Night and day praying exceedingly that we might see your face, and might perfect that which is lacking in your faith?
1 Thessalonians 4:7	For God hath not called us unto uncleanness, but unto holiness.
1 Thessalonians 4:17	Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.
1 Thessalonians 5:9	For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ,
1 Thessalonians 5:19	Quench not the Spirit.
2 Thessalonians 1:1	Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians in God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ:
2 Thessalonians 1:11	Wherefore also we pray always for you, that our God would count you worthy of this calling, and fulfil all the good pleasure of his goodness, and the work of faith with power:
2 Thessalonians 2:9	Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders,
2 Thessalonians 3:2	And that we may be delivered from unreasonable and wicked men: for all men have not faith.
2 Thessalonians 3:12	Now them that are such we command and exhort by our Lord Jesus Christ, that with quietness they work, and eat their own bread.
1 Timothy 1:4	Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies, which minister questions, rather than godly edifying which is in faith: so do.
1 Timothy 1:14	And the grace of our Lord was exceeding abundant with faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.
1 Timothy 2:4	Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth.
1 Timothy 2:14	And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression.
1 Timothy 3:9	Holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience.
1 Timothy 4:3	Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth.
1 Timothy 4:13	Till I come, give attendance to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine.
1 Timothy 5:7	And these things give in charge, that they may be blameless.
1 Timothy 5:17	Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honour, especially they who labour in the word and doctrine.
1 Timothy 6:2	And they that have believing masters, let them not despise them, because they are brethren; but rather do them service, because they are faithful and beloved, partakers of the benefit. These things teach and exhort.
1 Timothy 6:12	Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life, whereunto thou art also called, and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses.
2 Timothy 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, according to the promise of life which is in Christ Jesus,
2 Timothy 1:11	Whereunto I am appointed a preacher, and an apostle, and a teacher of the Gentiles.
2 Timothy 2:3	Thou therefore endure hardness, as a good soldier of Jesus Christ.
2 Timothy 2:13	If we believe not, yet he abideth faithful: he cannot deny himself.
2 Timothy 2:23	But foolish and unlearned questions avoid, knowing that they do gender strifes.
2 Timothy 3:7	Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth.
2 Timothy 3:17	That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works.
2 Timothy 4:10	For Demas hath forsaken me, having loved this present world, and is departed unto Thessalonica; Crescens to Galatia, Titus unto Dalmatia.
2 Timothy 4:20	Erastus abode at Corinth: but Trophimus have I left at Miletum sick.
Titus 1:8	But a lover of hospitality, a lover of good men, sober, just, holy, temperate;
Titus 2:2	That the aged men be sober, grave, temperate, sound in faith, in charity, in patience.
Titus 2:12	Teaching us that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world;
Titus 3:7	That being justified by his grace, we should be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life.
Philemon 1:2	And to our beloved Apphia, and Archippus our fellowsoldier, and to the church in thy house:
Philemon 1:12	Whom I have sent again: thou therefore receive him, that is, mine own bowels:
Philemon 1:22	But withal prepare me also a lodging: for I trust that through your prayers I shall be given unto you.
Hebrews 1:7	And of the angels he saith, Who maketh his angels spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire.
Hebrews 2:3	How shall we escape, if we neglect so great salvation; which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him;
Hebrews 2:13	And again, I will put my trust in him. And again, Behold I and the children which God hath given me.
Hebrews 3:5	And Moses verily was faithful in all his house, as a servant, for a testimony of those things which were to be spoken after;
Hebrews 3:15	While it is said, To day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts, as in the provocation.
Hebrews 4:6	Seeing therefore it remaineth that some must enter therein, and they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief:
Hebrews 4:16	Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need.
Hebrews 5:10	Called of God an high priest after the order of Melchisedec.
Hebrews 6:6	If they shall fall away, to renew them again unto repentance; seeing they crucify to themselves the Son of God afresh, and put him to an open shame.
Hebrews 6:16	For men verily swear by the greater: and an oath for confirmation is to them an end of all strife.
Hebrews 7:6	But he whose descent is not counted from them received tithes of Abraham, and blessed him that had the promises.
Hebrews 7:16	Who is made, not after the law of a carnal commandment, but after the power of an endless life.
Hebrews 7:26	For such an high priest became us, who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;
Hebrews 8:8	For finding fault with them, he saith, Behold, the days come, saith the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Judah:
Hebrews 9:5	And over it the cherubims of glory shadowing the mercyseat; of which we cannot now speak particularly.
Hebrews 9:15	And for this cause he is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance.
Hebrews 9:25	Nor yet that he should offer himself often, as the high priest entereth into the holy place every year with blood of others;
Hebrews 10:7	Then said I, Lo, I come (in the volume of the book it is written of me,) to do thy will, O God.
Hebrews 10:17	And their sins and iniquities will I remember no more.
Hebrews 10:27	But a certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation, which shall devour the adversaries.
Hebrews 10:37	For yet a little while, and he that shall come will come, and will not tarry.
Hebrews 11:8	By faith Abraham, when he was called to go out into a place which he should after receive for an inheritance, obeyed; and he went out, not knowing whither he went.
Hebrews 11:18	Of whom it was said, That in Isaac shall thy seed be called:
Hebrews 11:28	Through faith he kept the passover, and the sprinkling of blood, lest he that destroyed the firstborn should touch them.
Hebrews 11:38	(Of whom the world was not worthy:) they wandered in deserts, and in mountains, and in dens and caves of the earth.
Hebrews 12:8	But if ye be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are ye bastards, and not sons.
Hebrews 12:18	For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched, and that burned with fire, nor unto blackness, and darkness, and tempest,
Hebrews 12:28	Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace, whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear:
Hebrews 13:9	Be not carried about with divers and strange doctrines. For it is a good thing that the heart be established with grace; not with meats, which have not profited them that have been occupied therein.
Hebrews 13:19	But I beseech you the rather to do this, that I may be restored to you the sooner.
James 1:4	But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing.
James 1:14	But every man is tempted, when he is drawn away of his own lust, and enticed.
James 1:24	For he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was.
James 2:7	Do not they blaspheme that worthy name by the which ye are called?
James 2:17	Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone.
James 3:1	My brethren, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation.
James 3:11	Doth a fountain send forth at the same place sweet water and bitter?
James 4:3	Ye ask, and receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts.
James 4:13	Go to now, ye that say, To day or to morrow we will go into such a city, and continue there a year, and buy and sell, and get gain:
James 5:6	Ye have condemned and killed the just; and he doth not resist you.
James 5:16	Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.
1 Peter 1:6	Wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season, if need be, ye are in heaviness through manifold temptations:
1 Peter 1:16	Because it is written, Be ye holy; for I am holy.
1 Peter 2:1	Wherefore laying aside all malice, and all guile, and hypocrisies, and envies, all evil speakings,
1 Peter 2:11	Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lusts, which war against the soul;
1 Peter 2:21	For even hereunto were ye called: because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that ye should follow his steps:
1 Peter 3:6	Even as Sara obeyed Abraham, calling him lord: whose daughters ye are, as long as ye do well, and are not afraid with any amazement.
1 Peter 3:16	Having a good conscience; that, whereas they speak evil of you, as of evildoers, they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ.
1 Peter 4:4	Wherein they think it strange that ye run not with them to the same excess of riot, speaking evil of you:
1 Peter 4:14	If ye be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye; for the spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you: on their part he is evil spoken of, but on your part he is glorified.
1 Peter 5:5	Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. Yea, all of you be subject one to another, and be clothed with humility: for God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble.
2 Peter 1:1	Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ, to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ:
2 Peter 1:11	For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.
2 Peter 1:21	For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man: but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.
2 Peter 2:10	But chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness, and despise government. Presumptuous are they, selfwilled, they are not afraid to speak evil of dignities.
2 Peter 2:20	For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein, and overcome, the latter end is worse with them than the beginning.
2 Peter 3:8	But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.
2 Peter 3:18	But grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and for ever. Amen.
1 John 1:10	If we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us.
1 John 2:10	He that loveth his brother abideth in the light, and there is none occasion of stumbling in him.
1 John 2:20	But ye have an unction from the Holy One, and ye know all things.
1 John 3:1	Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the sons of God: therefore the world knoweth us not, because it knew him not.
1 John 3:11	For this is the message that ye heard from the beginning, that we should love one another.
1 John 3:21	Beloved, if our heart condemn us not, then have we confidence toward God.
1 John 4:7	Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God.
1 John 4:17	Herein is our love made perfect, that we may have boldness in the day of judgment: because as he is, so are we in this world.
1 John 5:6	This is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the Spirit that beareth witness, because the Spirit is truth.
1 John 5:16	If any man see his brother sin a sin which is not unto death, he shall ask, and he shall give him life for them that sin not unto death. There is a sin unto death: I do not say that he shall pray for it.
2 John 1:5	And now I beseech thee, lady, not as though I wrote a new commandment unto thee, but that which we had from the beginning, that we love one another.
3 John 1:2	Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth.
3 John 1:12	Demetrius hath good report of all men, and of the truth itself: yea, and we also bear record; and ye know that our record is true.
Jude 1:8	Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, and speak evil of dignities.
Jude 1:18	How that they told you there should be mockers in the last time, who should walk after their own ungodly lusts.
Revelation 1:3	Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.
Revelation 1:13	And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle.
Revelation 2:3	And hast borne, and hast patience, and for my name's sake hast laboured, and hast not fainted.
Revelation 2:13	I know thy works, and where thou dwellest, even where Satan's seat is: and thou holdest fast my name, and hast not denied my faith, even in those days wherein Antipas was my faithful martyr, who was slain among you, where Satan dwelleth.
Revelation 2:23	And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according to your works.
Revelation 3:4	Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their garments; and they shall walk with me in white: for they are worthy.
Revelation 3:14	And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God;
Revelation 4:2	And immediately I was in the spirit: and, behold, a throne was set in heaven, and one sat on the throne.
Revelation 5:1	And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside, sealed with seven seals.
Revelation 5:11	And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne and the beasts and the elders: and the number of them was ten thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of thousands;
Revelation 6:7	And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, Come and see.
Revelation 6:17	For the great day of his wrath is come; and who shall be able to stand?
Revelation 7:10	And cried with a loud voice, saying, Salvation to our God which sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb.
Revelation 8:3	And another angel came and stood at the altar, having a golden censer; and there was given unto him much incense, that he should offer it with the prayers of all saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne.
Revelation 8:13	And I beheld, and heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven, saying with a loud voice, Woe, woe, woe, to the inhabiters of the earth by reason of the other voices of the trumpet of the three angels, which are yet to sound!
Revelation 9:10	And they had tails like unto scorpions, and there were stings in their tails: and their power was to hurt men five months.
Revelation 9:20	And the rest of the men which were not killed by these plagues yet repented not of the works of their hands, that they should not worship devils, and idols of gold, and silver, and brass, and stone, and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk:
Revelation 10:9	And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, Take it, and eat it up; and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey.
Revelation 11:8	And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great city, which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord was crucified.
Revelation 11:18	And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets, and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth.
Revelation 12:9	And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world: he was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him.
Revelation 13:2	And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority.
Revelation 13:12	And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed.
Revelation 14:4	These are they which were not defiled with women; for they are virgins. These are they which follow the Lamb whithersoever he goeth. These were redeemed from among men, being the firstfruits unto God and to the Lamb.
Revelation 14:14	And I looked, and behold a white cloud, and upon the cloud one sat like unto the Son of man, having on his head a golden crown, and in his hand a sharp sickle.
Revelation 15:4	Who shall not fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for thou only art holy: for all nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest.
Revelation 16:6	For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets, and thou hast given them blood to drink; for they are worthy.
Revelation 16:16	And he gathered them together into a place called in the Hebrew tongue Armageddon.
Revelation 17:5	And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.
Revelation 17:15	And he saith unto me, The waters which thou sawest, where the whore sitteth, are peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues.
Revelation 18:7	How much she hath glorified herself, and lived deliciously, so much torment and sorrow give her: for she saith in her heart, I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow.
Revelation 18:17	For in one hour so great riches is come to nought. And every shipmaster, and all the company in ships, and sailors, and as many as trade by sea, stood afar off,
Revelation 19:3	And again they said, Alleluia And her smoke rose up for ever and ever.
Revelation 19:13	And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name is called The Word of God.
Revelation 20:2	And he laid hold on the dragon, that old serpent, which is the Devil, and Satan, and bound him a thousand years,
Revelation 20:12	And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.
Revelation 21:7	He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son.
Revelation 21:17	And he measured the wall thereof, an hundred and forty and four cubits, according to the measure of a man, that is, of the angel.
Revelation 21:27	And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie: but they which are written in the Lamb's book of life.
Revelation 22:10	And he saith unto me, Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book: for the time is at hand.
Revelation 22:20	He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus.
