Genesis 1:2	And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.
Genesis 1:12	And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after his kind: and God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:22	And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth.
Genesis 2:1	Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them.
Genesis 2:11	The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasseth the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold;
Genesis 2:21	And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead thereof;
Genesis 3:6	And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her; and he did eat.
Genesis 3:16	Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.
Genesis 4:2	And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.
Genesis 4:12	When thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth.
Genesis 4:22	And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructer of every artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.
Genesis 5:6	And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos:
Genesis 5:16	And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters:
Genesis 5:26	And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and daughters:
Genesis 6:4	There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown.
Genesis 6:14	Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou make in the ark, and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch.
Genesis 7:2	Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens, the male and his female: and of beasts that are not clean by two, the male and his female.
Genesis 7:12	And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights.
Genesis 7:22	All in whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died.
Genesis 8:8	Also he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground;
Genesis 8:18	And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him:
Genesis 9:6	Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man.
Genesis 9:16	And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth.
Genesis 9:26	And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.
Genesis 10:7	And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabtah, and Raamah, and Sabtechah: and the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.
Genesis 10:17	And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,
Genesis 10:27	And Hadoram, and Uzal, and Diklah,
Genesis 11:5	And the LORD came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men builded.
Genesis 11:15	And Salah lived after he begat Eber four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:25	And Nahor lived after he begat Terah an hundred and nineteen years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 12:3	And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed.
Genesis 12:13	Say, I pray thee, thou art my sister: that it may be well with me for thy sake; and my soul shall live because of thee.
Genesis 13:3	And he went on his journeys from the south even to Bethel, unto the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and Hai;
Genesis 13:13	But the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the LORD exceedingly.
Genesis 14:5	And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer, and the kings that were with him, and smote the Rephaim in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the Zuzims in Ham, and the Emins in Shaveh Kiriathaim,
Genesis 14:15	And he divided himself against them, he and his servants, by night, and smote them, and pursued them unto Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus.
Genesis 15:1	After these things the word of the LORD came unto Abram in a vision, saying, Fear not, Abram: I am thy shield, and thy exceeding great reward.
Genesis 15:11	And when the fowls came down upon the carcasses, Abram drove them away.
Genesis 15:21	And the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Girgashites, and the Jebusites.
Genesis 16:10	And the angel of the LORD said unto her, I will multiply thy seed exceedingly, that it shall not be numbered for multitude.
Genesis 17:4	As for me, behold, my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be a father of many nations.
Genesis 17:14	And the uncircumcised man child whose flesh of his foreskin is not circumcised, that soul shall be cut off from his people; he hath broken my covenant.
Genesis 17:24	And Abraham was ninety years old and nine, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.
Genesis 18:7	And Abraham ran unto the herd, and fetched a calf tender and good, and gave it unto a young man; and he hasted to dress it.
Genesis 18:17	And the LORD said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do;
Genesis 18:27	And Abraham answered and said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the LORD, which am but dust and ashes:
Genesis 19:4	But before they lay down, the men of the city, even the men of Sodom, compassed the house round, both old and young, all the people from every quarter:
Genesis 19:14	And Lot went out, and spake unto his sons in law, which married his daughters, and said, Up, get you out of this place; for the LORD will destroy this city. But he seemed as one that mocked unto his sons in law.
Genesis 19:24	Then the LORD rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the LORD out of heaven;
Genesis 19:34	And it came to pass on the morrow, that the firstborn said unto the younger, Behold, I lay yesternight with my father: let us make him drink wine this night also; and go thou in, and lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.
Genesis 20:6	And God said unto him in a dream, Yea, I know that thou didst this in the integrity of thy heart; for I also withheld thee from sinning against me: therefore suffered I thee not to touch her.
Genesis 20:16	And unto Sarah he said, Behold, I have given thy brother a thousand pieces of silver: behold, he is to thee a covering of the eyes, unto all that are with thee, and with all other: thus she was reproved.
Genesis 21:8	And the child grew, and was weaned: and Abraham made a great feast the same day that Isaac was weaned.
Genesis 21:18	Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in thine hand; for I will make him a great nation.
Genesis 21:28	And Abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves.
Genesis 22:4	Then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off.
Genesis 22:14	And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovahjireh: as it is said to this day, In the mount of the LORD it shall be seen.
Genesis 22:24	And his concubine, whose name was Reumah, she bare also Tebah, and Gaham, and Thahash, and Maachah.
Genesis 23:10	And Ephron dwelt among the children of Heth: and Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham in the audience of the children of Heth, even of all that went in at the gate of his city, saying,
Genesis 23:20	And the field, and the cave that is therein, were made sure unto Abraham for a possession of a buryingplace by the sons of Heth.
Genesis 24:10	And the servant took ten camels of the camels of his master, and departed; for all the goods of his master were in his hand: and he arose, and went to Mesopotamia, unto the city of Nahor.
Genesis 24:20	And she hasted, and emptied her pitcher into the trough, and ran again unto the well to draw water, and drew for all his camels.
Genesis 24:30	And it came to pass, when he saw the earring and bracelets upon his sister's hands, and when he heard the words of Rebekah his sister, saying, Thus spake the man unto me; that he came unto the man; and, behold, he stood by the camels at the well.
Genesis 24:40	And he said unto me, The LORD, before whom I walk, will send his angel with thee, and prosper thy way; and thou shalt take a wife for my son of my kindred, and of my father's house:
Genesis 24:50	Then Laban and Bethuel answered and said, The thing proceedeth from the LORD: we cannot speak unto thee bad or good.
Genesis 24:60	And they blessed Rebekah, and said unto her, Thou art our sister, be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them.
Genesis 25:3	And Jokshan begat Sheba, and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim, and Letushim, and Leummim.
Genesis 25:13	And these are the names of the sons of Ishmael, by their names, according to their generations: the firstborn of Ishmael, Nebajoth; and Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,
Genesis 25:23	And the LORD said unto her, Two nations are in thy womb, and two manner of people shall be separated from thy bowels; and the one people shall be stronger than the other people; and the elder shall serve the younger.
Genesis 25:33	And Jacob said, Swear to me this day; and he sware unto him: and he sold his birthright unto Jacob.
Genesis 26:9	And Abimelech called Isaac, and said, Behold, of a surety she is thy wife; and how saidst thou, She is my sister? And Isaac said unto him, Because I said, Lest I die for her.
Genesis 26:19	And Isaac's servants digged in the valley, and found there a well of springing water.
Genesis 26:29	That thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not touched thee, and as we have done unto thee nothing but good, and have sent thee away in peace: thou art now the blessed of the LORD.
Genesis 27:4	And make me savory meat, such as I love, and bring it to me, that I may eat; that my soul may bless thee before I die.
Genesis 27:14	And he went, and fetched, and brought them to his mother: and his mother made savory meat, such as his father loved.
Genesis 27:24	And he said, Art thou my very son Esau? And he said, I am.
Genesis 27:34	And when Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with a great and exceeding bitter cry, and said unto his father, Bless me, even me also, O my father.
Genesis 27:44	And tarry with him a few days, until thy brother's fury turn away;
Genesis 28:8	And Esau seeing that the daughters of Canaan pleased not Isaac his father;
Genesis 28:18	And Jacob rose up early in the morning, and took the stone that he had put for his pillows, and set it up for a pillar, and poured oil upon the top of it.
Genesis 29:6	And he said unto them, Is he well? And they said, He is well: and, behold, Rachel his daughter cometh with the sheep.
Genesis 29:16	And Laban had two daughters: the name of the elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel.
Genesis 29:26	And Laban said, It must not be so done in our country, to give the younger before the firstborn.
Genesis 30:1	And when Rachel saw that she bare Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister; and said unto Jacob, Give me children, or else I die.
Genesis 30:11	And Leah said, A troop cometh: and she called his name Gad.
Genesis 30:21	And afterwards she bare a daughter, and called her name Dinah.
Genesis 30:31	And he said, What shall I give thee? And Jacob said, Thou shalt not give me any thing: if thou wilt do this thing for me, I will again feed and keep thy flock.
Genesis 30:41	And it came to pass, whensoever the stronger cattle did conceive, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the cattle in the gutters, that they might conceive among the rods.
Genesis 31:8	If he said thus, The speckled shall be thy wages; then all the cattle bare speckled: and if he said thus, The ring-streaked shall be thy hire; then bare all the cattle ring-streaked.
Genesis 31:18	And he carried away all his cattle, and all his goods which he had gotten, the cattle of his getting, which he had gotten in Padanaram, for to go to Isaac his father in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 31:28	And hast not suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters? thou hast now done foolishly in so doing.
Genesis 31:38	This twenty years have I been with thee; thy ewes and thy she goats have not cast their young, and the rams of thy flock have I not eaten.
Genesis 31:48	And Laban said, This heap is a witness between me and thee this day. Therefore was the name of it called Galeed;
Genesis 32:3	And Jacob sent messengers before him to Esau his brother unto the land of Seir, the country of Edom.
Genesis 32:13	And he lodged there that same night; and took of that which came to his hand a present for Esau his brother;
Genesis 32:23	And he took them, and sent them over the brook, and sent over that he had.
Genesis 33:1	And Jacob lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, Esau came, and with him four hundred men. And he divided the children unto Leah, and unto Rachel, and unto the two handmaids.
Genesis 33:11	Take, I pray thee, my blessing that is brought to thee; because God hath dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough. And he urged him, and he took it.
Genesis 34:1	And Dinah the daughter of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land.
Genesis 34:11	And Shechem said unto her father and unto her brethren, Let me find grace in your eyes, and what ye shall say unto me I will give.
Genesis 34:21	These men are peaceable with us; therefore let them dwell in the land, and trade therein; for the land, behold, it is large enough for them; let us take their daughters to us for wives, and let us give them our daughters.
Genesis 34:31	And they said, Should he deal with our sister as with an harlot?
Genesis 35:10	And God said unto him, Thy name is Jacob: thy name shall not be called any more Jacob, but Israel shall be thy name: and he called his name Israel.
Genesis 35:20	And Jacob set a pillar upon her grave: that is the pillar of Rachel's grave unto this day.
Genesis 36:1	Now these are the generations of Esau, who is Edom.
Genesis 36:11	And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, and Gatam, and Kenaz.
Genesis 36:21	And Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan: these are the dukes of the Horites, the children of Seir in the land of Edom.
Genesis 36:31	And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom, before there reigned any king over the children of Israel.
Genesis 36:41	Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,
Genesis 37:8	And his brethren said to him, Shalt thou indeed reign over us? or shalt thou indeed have dominion over us? And they hated him yet the more for his dreams, and for his words.
Genesis 37:18	And when they saw him afar off, even before he came near unto them, they conspired against him to slay him.
Genesis 37:28	Then there passed by Midianites merchantmen; and they drew and lifted up Joseph out of the pit, and sold Joseph to the Ishmaelites for twenty pieces of silver: and they brought Joseph into Egypt.
Genesis 38:2	And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite, whose name was Shuah; and he took her, and went in unto her.
Genesis 38:12	And in process of time the daughter of Shuah Judah's wife died; and Judah was comforted, and went up unto his sheepshearers to Timnath, he and his friend Hirah the Adullamite.
Genesis 38:22	And he returned to Judah, and said, I cannot find her; and also the men of the place said, that there was no harlot in this place.
Genesis 39:2	And the LORD was with Joseph, and he was a prosperous man; and he was in the house of his master the Egyptian.
Genesis 39:12	And she caught him by his garment, saying, Lie with me: and he left his garment in her hand, and fled, and got him out.
Genesis 39:22	And the keeper of the prison committed to Joseph's hand all the prisoners that were in the prison; and whatsoever they did there, he was the doer of it.
Genesis 40:9	And the chief butler told his dream to Joseph, and said to him, In my dream, behold, a vine was before me;
Genesis 40:19	Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thy head from off thee, and shall hang thee on a tree; and the birds shall eat thy flesh from off thee.
Genesis 41:6	And, behold, seven thin ears and blasted with the east wind sprung up after them.
Genesis 41:16	And Joseph answered Pharaoh, saying, It is not in me: God shall give Pharaoh an answer of peace.
Genesis 41:26	The seven good kine are seven years; and the seven good ears are seven years: the dream is one.
Genesis 41:36	And that food shall be for store to the land against the seven years of famine, which shall be in the land of Egypt; that the land perish not through the famine.
Genesis 41:46	And Joseph was thirty years old when he stood before Pharaoh king of Egypt. And Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh, and went throughout all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:56	And the famine was over all the face of the earth: and Joseph opened all the storehouses, and sold unto the Egyptians; and the famine waxed sore in the land of Egypt.
Genesis 42:9	And Joseph remembered the dreams which he dreamed of them, and said unto them, Ye are spies; to see the nakedness of the land ye are come.
Genesis 42:19	If ye be true men, let one of your brethren be bound in the house of your prison: go ye, carry corn for the famine of your houses:
Genesis 42:29	And they came unto Jacob their father unto the land of Canaan, and told him all that befell unto them; saying,
Genesis 43:1	And the famine was sore in the land.
Genesis 43:11	And their father Israel said unto them, If it must be so now, do this; take of the best fruits in the land in your vessels, and carry down the man a present, a little balm, and a little honey, spices, and myrrh, nuts, and almonds:
Genesis 43:21	And it came to pass, when we came to the inn, that we opened our sacks, and, behold, every man's money was in the mouth of his sack, our money in full weight: and we have brought it again in our hand.
Genesis 43:31	And he washed his face, and went out, and refrained himself, and said, Set on bread.
Genesis 44:7	And they said unto him, Wherefore saith my lord these words? God forbid that thy servants should do according to this thing:
Genesis 44:17	And he said, God forbid that I should do so: but the man in whose hand the cup is found, he shall be my servant; and as for you, get you up in peace unto your father.
Genesis 44:27	And thy servant my father said unto us, Ye know that my wife bare me two sons:
Genesis 45:3	And Joseph said unto his brethren, I am Joseph; doth my father yet live? And his brethren could not answer him; for they were troubled at his presence.
Genesis 45:13	And ye shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt, and of all that ye have seen; and ye shall haste and bring down my father hither.
Genesis 45:23	And to his father he sent after this manner; ten asses laden with the good things of Egypt, and ten she asses laden with corn and bread and meat for his father by the way.
Genesis 46:5	And Jacob rose up from Beersheba: and the sons of Israel carried Jacob their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which Pharaoh had sent to carry him.
Genesis 46:15	These be the sons of Leah, which she bare unto Jacob in Padanaram, with his daughter Dinah: all the souls of his sons and his daughters were thirty and three.
Genesis 46:25	These are the sons of Bilhah, which Laban gave unto Rachel his daughter, and she bare these unto Jacob: all the souls were seven.
Genesis 47:1	Then Joseph came and told Pharaoh, and said, My father and my brethren, and their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have, are come out of the land of Canaan; and, behold, they are in the land of Goshen.
Genesis 47:11	And Joseph placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt, in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded.
Genesis 47:21	And as for the people, he removed them to cities from one end of the borders of Egypt even to the other end thereof.
Genesis 47:31	And he said, Swear unto me. And he sware unto him. And Israel bowed himself upon the bed's head.
Genesis 48:10	Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near unto him; and he kissed them, and embraced them.
Genesis 48:20	And he blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall Israel bless, saying, God make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh: and he set Ephraim before Manasseh.
Genesis 49:8	Judah, thou art he whom thy brethren shall praise: thy hand shall be in the neck of thine enemies; thy father's children shall bow down before thee.
Genesis 49:18	I have waited for thy salvation, O LORD.
Genesis 49:28	All these are the twelve tribes of Israel: and this is it that their father spake unto them, and blessed them; every one according to his blessing he blessed them.
Genesis 50:5	My father made me swear, saying, Lo, I die: in my grave which I have digged for me in the land of Canaan, there shalt thou bury me. Now therefore let me go up, I pray thee, and bury my father, and I will come again.
Genesis 50:15	And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, they said, Joseph will peradventure hate us, and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did unto him.
Genesis 50:25	And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence.
Exodus 1:9	And he said unto his people, Behold, the people of the children of Israel are more and mightier than we:
Exodus 1:19	And the midwives said unto Pharaoh, Because the Hebrew women are not as the Egyptian women; for they are lively, and are delivered ere the midwives come in unto them.
Exodus 2:7	Then said his sister to Pharaoh's daughter, Shall I go and call to thee a nurse of the Hebrew women, that she may nurse the child for thee?
Exodus 2:17	And the shepherds came and drove them away: but Moses stood up and helped them, and watered their flock.
Exodus 3:2	And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed.
Exodus 3:12	And he said, Certainly I will be with thee; and this shall be a token unto thee, that I have sent thee: When thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt, ye shall serve God upon this mountain.
Exodus 3:22	But every woman shall borrow of her neighbor, and of her that sojourneth in her house, jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment: and ye shall put them upon your sons, and upon your daughters; and ye shall spoil the Egyptians.
Exodus 4:10	And Moses said unto the LORD, O my LORD, I am not eloquent, neither heretofore, nor since thou hast spoken unto thy servant: but I am slow of speech, and of a slow tongue.
Exodus 4:20	And Moses took his wife and his sons, and set them upon an ass, and he returned to the land of Egypt: and Moses took the rod of God in his hand.
Exodus 4:30	And Aaron spake all the words which the LORD had spoken unto Moses, and did the signs in the sight of the people.
Exodus 5:9	Let there more work be laid upon the men, that they may labor therein; and let them not regard vain words.
Exodus 5:19	And the officers of the children of Israel did see that they were in evil case, after it was said, Ye shall not minish ought from your bricks of your daily task.
Exodus 6:6	Wherefore say unto the children of Israel, I am the LORD, and I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and I will rid you out of their bondage, and I will redeem you with a stretched out arm, and with great judgments:
Exodus 6:16	And these are the names of the sons of Levi according to their generations; Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari: and the years of the life of Levi were an hundred thirty and seven years.
Exodus 6:26	These are that Aaron and Moses, to whom the LORD said, Bring out the children of Israel from the land of Egypt according to their armies.
Exodus 7:6	And Moses and Aaron did as the LORD commanded them, so did they.
Exodus 7:16	And thou shalt say unto him, The LORD God of the Hebrews hath sent me unto thee, saying, Let my people go, that they may serve me in the wilderness: and, behold, hitherto thou wouldest not hear.
Exodus 8:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, Go unto Pharaoh, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people go, that they may serve me.
Exodus 8:11	And the frogs shall depart from thee, and from thy houses, and from thy servants, and from thy people; they shall remain in the river only.
Exodus 8:21	Else, if thou wilt not let my people go, behold, I will send swarms of flies upon thee, and upon thy servants, and upon thy people, and into thy houses: and the houses of the Egyptians shall be full of swarms of flies, and also the ground whereon they are.
Exodus 8:31	And the LORD did according to the word of Moses; and he removed the swarms of flies from Pharaoh, from his servants, and from his people; there remained not one.
Exodus 9:9	And it shall become small dust in all the land of Egypt, and shall be a boil breaking forth with blains upon man, and upon beast, throughout all the land of Egypt.
Exodus 9:19	Send therefore now, and gather thy cattle, and all that thou hast in the field; for upon every man and beast which shall be found in the field, and shall not be brought home, the hail shall come down upon them, and they shall die.
Exodus 9:29	And Moses said unto him, As soon as I am gone out of the city, I will spread abroad my hands unto the LORD; and the thunder shall cease, neither shall there be any more hail; that thou mayest know how that the earth is the LORD's.
Exodus 10:4	Else, if thou refuse to let my people go, behold, to morrow will I bring the locusts into thy coast:
Exodus 10:14	And the locust went up over all the land of Egypt, and rested in all the coasts of Egypt: very grievous were they; before them there were no such locusts as they, neither after them shall be such.
Exodus 10:24	And Pharaoh called unto Moses, and said, Go ye, serve the LORD; only let your flocks and your herds be stayed: let your little ones also go with you.
Exodus 11:5	And all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die, from the first born of Pharaoh that sitteth upon his throne, even unto the firstborn of the maidservant that is behind the mill; and all the firstborn of beasts.
Exodus 12:5	Your lamb shall be without blemish, a male of the first year: ye shall take it out from the sheep, or from the goats:
Exodus 12:15	Seven days shall ye eat unleavened bread; even the first day ye shall put away leaven out of your houses: for whosoever eateth leavened bread from the first day until the seventh day, that soul shall be cut off from Israel.
Exodus 12:25	And it shall come to pass, when ye be come to the land which the LORD will give you, according as he hath promised, that ye shall keep this service.
Exodus 12:35	And the children of Israel did according to the word of Moses; and they borrowed of the Egyptians jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment:
Exodus 12:45	A foreigner and an hired servant shall not eat thereof.
Exodus 13:4	This day came ye out in the month Abib.
Exodus 13:14	And it shall be when thy son asketh thee in time to come, saying, What is this? that thou shalt say unto him, By strength of hand the LORD brought us out from Egypt, from the house of bondage:
Exodus 14:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, that they turn and encamp before Pihahiroth, between Migdol and the sea, over against Baalzephon: before it shall ye encamp by the sea.
Exodus 14:12	Is not this the word that we did tell thee in Egypt, saying, Let us alone, that we may serve the Egyptians? For it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians, than that we should die in the wilderness.
Exodus 14:22	And the children of Israel went into the midst of the sea upon the dry ground: and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left.
Exodus 15:1	Then sang Moses and the children of Israel this song unto the LORD, and spake, saying, I will sing unto the LORD, for he hath triumphed gloriously: the horse and his rider hath he thrown into the sea.
Exodus 15:11	Who is like unto thee, O LORD, among the gods? who is like thee, glorious in holiness, fearful in praises, doing wonders?
Exodus 15:21	And Miriam answered them, Sing ye to the LORD, for he hath triumphed gloriously; the horse and his rider hath he thrown into the sea.
Exodus 16:4	Then said the LORD unto Moses, Behold, I will rain bread from heaven for you; and the people shall go out and gather a certain rate every day, that I may prove them, whether they will walk in my law, or no.
Exodus 16:14	And when the dew that lay was gone up, behold, upon the face of the wilderness there lay a small round thing, as small as the hoar frost on the ground.
Exodus 16:24	And they laid it up till the morning, as Moses bade: and it did not stink, neither was there any worm therein.
Exodus 16:34	As the LORD commanded Moses, so Aaron laid it up before the Testimony, to be kept.
Exodus 17:8	Then came Amalek, and fought with Israel in Rephidim.
Exodus 18:2	Then Jethro, Moses' father in law, took Zipporah, Moses' wife, after he had sent her back,
Exodus 18:12	And Jethro, Moses' father in law, took a burnt offering and sacrifices for God: and Aaron came, and all the elders of Israel, to eat bread with Moses' father in law before God.
Exodus 18:22	And let them judge the people at all seasons: and it shall be, that every great matter they shall bring unto thee, but every small matter they shall judge: so shall it be easier for thyself, and they shall bear the burden with thee.
Exodus 19:5	Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people: for all the earth is mine:
Exodus 19:15	And he said unto the people, Be ready against the third day: come not at your wives.
Exodus 19:25	So Moses went down unto the people, and spake unto them.
Exodus 20:10	But the seventh day is the sabbath of the LORD thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates:
Exodus 20:20	And Moses said unto the people, Fear not: for God is come to prove you, and that his fear may be before your faces, that ye sin not.
Exodus 21:4	If his master have given him a wife, and she have born him sons or daughters; the wife and her children shall be her master's, and he shall go out by himself.
Exodus 21:14	But if a man come presumptuously upon his neighbor, to slay him with guile; thou shalt take him from mine altar, that he may die.
Exodus 21:24	Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot,
Exodus 21:34	The owner of the pit shall make it good, and give money unto the owner of them; and the dead beast shall be his.
Exodus 22:8	If the thief be not found, then the master of the house shall be brought unto the judges, to see whether he have put his hand unto his neighbor's goods.
Exodus 22:18	Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.
Exodus 22:28	Thou shalt not revile the gods, nor curse the ruler of thy people.
Exodus 23:7	Keep thee far from a false matter; and the innocent and righteous slay thou not: for I will not justify the wicked.
Exodus 23:17	Three items in the year all thy males shall appear before the LORD God.
Exodus 23:27	I will send my fear before thee, and will destroy all the people to whom thou shalt come, and I will make all thine enemies turn their backs unto thee.
Exodus 24:4	And Moses wrote all the words of the LORD, and rose up early in the morning, and builded an altar under the hill, and twelve pillars, according to the twelve tribes of Israel.
Exodus 24:14	And he said unto the elders, Tarry ye here for us, until we come again unto you: and, behold, Aaron and Hur are with you: if any man have any matters to do, let him come unto them.
Exodus 25:6	Oil for the light, spices for anointing oil, and for sweet incense,
Exodus 25:16	And thou shalt put into the ark the testimony which I shall give thee.
Exodus 25:26	And thou shalt make for it four rings of gold, and put the rings in the four corners that are on the four feet thereof.
Exodus 25:36	Their knops and their branches shall be of the same: all it shall be one beaten work of pure gold.
Exodus 26:6	And thou shalt make fifty taches of gold, and couple the curtains together with the taches: and it shall be one tabernacle.
Exodus 26:16	Ten cubits shall be the length of a board, and a cubit and a half shall be the breadth of one board.
Exodus 26:26	And thou shalt make bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle,
Exodus 26:36	And thou shalt make an hanging for the door of the tent, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, wrought with needlework.
Exodus 27:9	And thou shalt make the court of the tabernacle: for the south side southward there shall be hangings for the court of fine twined linen of an hundred cubits long for one side:
Exodus 27:19	All the vessels of the tabernacle in all the service thereof, and all the pins thereof, and all the pins of the court, shall be of brass.
Exodus 28:8	And the curious girdle of the ephod, which is upon it, shall be of the same, according to the work thereof; even of gold, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Exodus 28:18	And the second row shall be an emerald, a sapphire, and a diamond.
Exodus 28:28	And they shall bind the breastplate by the rings thereof unto the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue, that it may be above the curious girdle of the ephod, and that the breastplate be not loosed from the ephod.
Exodus 28:38	And it shall be upon Aaron's forehead, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the holy things, which the children of Israel shall hallow in all their holy gifts; and it shall be always upon his forehead, that they may be accepted before the LORD.
Exodus 29:5	And thou shalt take the garments, and put upon Aaron the coat, and the robe of the ephod, and the ephod, and the breastplate, and gird him with the curious girdle of the ephod:
Exodus 29:15	Thou shalt also take one ram; and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the ram.
Exodus 29:25	And thou shalt receive them of their hands, and burn them upon the altar for a burnt offering, for a sweet savor before the LORD: it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD.
Exodus 29:35	And thus shalt thou do unto Aaron, and to his sons, according to all things which I have commanded thee: seven days shalt thou consecrate them.
Exodus 29:45	And I will dwell among the children of Israel, and will be their God.
Exodus 30:9	Ye shall offer no strange incense thereon, nor burnt sacrifice, nor meat offering; neither shall ye pour drink offering thereon.
Exodus 30:19	For Aaron and his sons shall wash their hands and their feet thereat:
Exodus 30:29	And thou shalt sanctify them, that they may be most holy: whatsoever toucheth them shall be holy.
Exodus 31:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 31:11	And the anointing oil, and sweet incense for the holy place: according to all that I have commanded thee shall they do.
Exodus 32:3	And all the people brake off the golden earrings which were in their ears, and brought them unto Aaron.
Exodus 32:13	Remember Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, thy servants, to whom thou swarest by thine own self, and saidst unto them, I will multiply your seed as the stars of heaven, and all this land that I have spoken of will I give unto your seed, and they shall inherit it for ever.
Exodus 32:23	For they said unto me, Make us gods, which shall go before us: for as for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him.
Exodus 32:33	And the LORD said unto Moses, Whosoever hath sinned against me, him will I blot out of my book.
Exodus 33:8	And it came to pass, when Moses went out unto the tabernacle, that all the people rose up, and stood every man at his tent door, and looked after Moses, until he was gone into the tabernacle.
Exodus 33:18	And he said, I beseech thee, show me thy glory.
Exodus 34:5	And the LORD descended in the cloud, and stood with him there, and proclaimed the name of the LORD.
Exodus 34:15	Lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, and they go a whoring after their gods, and do sacrifice unto their gods, and one call thee, and thou eat of his sacrifice;
Exodus 34:25	Thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leaven; neither shall the sacrifice of the feast of the passover be left unto the morning.
Exodus 34:35	And the children of Israel saw the face of Moses, that the skin of Moses' face shone: and Moses put the vail upon his face again, until he went in to speak with him.
Exodus 35:10	And every wise hearted among you shall come, and make all that the LORD hath commanded;
Exodus 35:20	And all the congregation of the children of Israel departed from the presence of Moses.
Exodus 35:30	And Moses said unto the children of Israel, See, the LORD hath called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah;
Exodus 36:5	And they spake unto Moses, saying, The people bring much more than enough for the service of the work, which the LORD commanded to make.
Exodus 36:15	The length of one curtain was thirty cubits, and four cubits was the breadth of one curtain: the eleven curtains were of one size.
Exodus 36:25	And for the other side of the tabernacle, which is toward the north corner, he made twenty boards,
Exodus 36:35	And he made a vail of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: with cherubim made he it of cunning work.
Exodus 37:7	And he made two cherubim of gold, beaten out of one piece made he them, on the two ends of the mercy seat;
Exodus 37:17	And he made the candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work made he the candlestick; his shaft, and his branch, his bowls, his knops, and his flowers, were of the same:
Exodus 37:27	And he made two rings of gold for it under the crown thereof, by the two corners of it, upon the two sides thereof, to be places for the staves to bear it withal.
Exodus 38:8	And he made the laver of brass, and the foot of it of brass, of the lookingglasses of the women assembling, which assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Exodus 38:18	And the hanging for the gate of the court was needlework, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen: and twenty cubits was the length, and the height in the breadth was five cubits, answerable to the hangings of the court.
Exodus 38:28	And of the thousand seven hundred seventy and five shekels he made hooks for the pillars, and overlaid their chapiters, and filleted them.|
Exodus 39:7	And he put them on the shoulders of the ephod, that they should be stones for a memorial to the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:17	And they put the two wreathed chains of gold in the two rings on the ends of the breastplate.
Exodus 39:27	And they made coats of fine linen of woven work for Aaron, and for his sons,
Exodus 39:37	The pure candlestick, with the lamps thereof, even with the lamps to be set in order, and all the vessels thereof, and the oil for light,
Exodus 40:4	And thou shalt bring in the table, and set in order the things that are to be set in order upon it; and thou shalt bring in the candlestick, and light the lamps thereof.
Exodus 40:14	And thou shalt bring his sons, and clothe them with coats:
Exodus 40:24	And he put the candlestick in the tent of the congregation, over against the table, on the side of the tabernacle southward.
Exodus 40:34	Then a cloud covered the tent of the congregation, and the glory of the LORD filled the tabernacle.
Leviticus 1:6	And he shall flay the burnt offering, and cut it into his pieces.
Leviticus 1:16	And he shall pluck away his crop with his feathers, and cast it beside the altar on the east part, by the place of the ashes:
Leviticus 2:9	And the priest shall take from the meat offering a memorial thereof, and shall burn it upon the altar: it is an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.
Leviticus 3:3	And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the peace offering an offering made by fire unto the LORD; the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is upon the inwards,
Leviticus 3:13	And he shall lay his hand upon the head of it, and kill it before the tabernacle of the congregation: and the sons of Aaron shall sprinkle the blood thereof upon the altar round about.
Leviticus 4:6	And the priest shall dip his finger in the blood, and sprinkle of the blood seven times before the LORD, before the vail of the sanctuary.
Leviticus 4:16	And the priest that is anointed shall bring of the bullock's blood to the tabernacle of the congregation:
Leviticus 4:26	And he shall burn all his fat upon the altar, as the fat of the sacrifice of peace offerings: and the priest shall make an atonement for him as concerning his sin, and it shall be forgiven him.
Leviticus 5:1	And if a soul sin, and hear the voice of swearing, and is a witness, whether he hath seen or known of it; if he do not utter it, then he shall bear his iniquity.
Leviticus 5:11	But if he be not able to bring two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, then he that sinned shall bring for his offering the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering; he shall put no oil upon it, neither shall he put any frankincense thereon: for it is a sin offering.
Leviticus 6:2	If a soul sin, and commit a trespass against the LORD, and lie unto his neighbor in that which was delivered him to keep, or in fellowship, or in a thing taken away by violence, or hath deceived his neighbor;
Leviticus 6:12	And the fire upon the altar shall be burning in it; it shall not be put out: and the priest shall burn wood on it every morning, and lay the burnt offering in order upon it; and he shall burn thereon the fat of the peace offerings.
Leviticus 6:22	And the priest of his sons that is anointed in his stead shall offer it: it is a statute for ever unto the LORD; it shall be wholly burnt.
Leviticus 7:2	In the place where they kill the burnt offering shall they kill the trespass offering: and the blood thereof shall he sprinkle round about upon the altar.
Leviticus 7:12	If he offer it for a thanksgiving, then he shall offer with the sacrifice of thanksgiving unleavened cakes mingled with oil, and unleavened wafers anointed with oil, and cakes mingled with oil, of fine flour, fried.
Leviticus 7:22	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 7:32	And the right shoulder shall ye give unto the priest for an heave offering of the sacrifices of your peace offerings.
Leviticus 8:4	And Moses did as the LORD commanded him; and the assembly was gathered together unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Leviticus 8:14	And he brought the bullock for the sin offering: and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the bullock for the sin offering.
Leviticus 8:24	And he brought Aaron's sons, and Moses put of the blood upon the tip of their right ear, and upon the thumbs of their right hands, and upon the great toes of their right feet: and Moses sprinkled the blood upon the altar round about.
Leviticus 8:34	As he hath done this day, so the LORD hath commanded to do, to make an atonement for you.
Leviticus 9:8	Aaron therefore went unto the altar, and slew the calf of the sin offering, which was for himself.
Leviticus 9:18	He slew also the bullock and the ram for a sacrifice of peace offerings, which was for the people: and Aaron's sons presented unto him the blood, which he sprinkled upon the altar round about,
Leviticus 10:4	And Moses called Mishael and Elzaphan, the sons of Uzziel the uncle of Aaron, and said unto them, Come near, carry your brethren from before the sanctuary out of the camp.
Leviticus 10:14	And the wave breast and heave shoulder shall ye eat in a clean place; thou, and thy sons, and thy daughters with thee: for they be thy due, and thy sons' due, which are given out of the sacrifices of peace offerings of the children of Israel.
Leviticus 11:4	Nevertheless these shall ye not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them that divide the hoof: as the camel, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you.
Leviticus 11:14	And the vulture, and the kite after his kind;
Leviticus 11:24	And for these ye shall be unclean: whosoever toucheth the carcass of them shall be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 11:34	Of all meat which may be eaten, that on which such water cometh shall be unclean: and all drink that may be drunk in every such vessel shall be unclean.
Leviticus 11:44	For I am the LORD your God: ye shall therefore sanctify yourselves, and ye shall be holy; for I am holy: neither shall ye defile yourselves with any manner of creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.
Leviticus 12:7	Who shall offer it before the LORD, and make an atonement for her; and she shall be cleansed from the issue of her blood. This is the law for her that hath born a male or a female.
Leviticus 13:9	When the plague of leprosy is in a man, then he shall be brought unto the priest;
Leviticus 13:19	And in the place of the boil there be a white rising, or a bright spot, white, and somewhat reddish, and it be showed to the priest;
Leviticus 13:29	If a man or woman have a plague upon the head or the beard;
Leviticus 13:39	Then the priest shall look: and, behold, if the bright spots in the skin of their flesh be darkish white; it is a freckled spot that groweth in the skin; he is clean.
Leviticus 13:49	And if the plague be greenish or reddish in the garment, or in the skin, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin; it is a plague of leprosy, and shall be showed unto the priest:
Leviticus 13:59	This is the law of the plague of leprosy in a garment of woolen or linen, either in the warp, or woof, or any thing of skins, to pronounce it clean, or to pronounce it unclean.
Leviticus 14:10	And on the eighth day he shall take two he lambs without blemish, and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish, and three tenth deals of fine flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, and one log of oil.
Leviticus 14:20	And the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meat offering upon the altar: and the priest shall make an atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
Leviticus 14:30	And he shall offer the one of the turtledoves, or of the young pigeons, such as he can get;
Leviticus 14:40	Then the priest shall command that they take away the stones in which the plague is, and they shall cast them into an unclean place without the city:
Leviticus 14:50	And he shall kill the one of the birds in an earthen vessel over running water:
Leviticus 15:3	And this shall be his uncleanness in his issue: whether his flesh run with his issue, or his flesh be stopped from his issue, it is his uncleanness.
Leviticus 15:13	And when he that hath an issue is cleansed of his issue; then he shall number to himself seven days for his cleansing, and wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in running water, and shall be clean.
Leviticus 15:23	And if it be on her bed, or on any thing whereon she sitteth, when he toucheth it, he shall be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 15:33	And of her that is sick of her flowers, and of him that hath an issue, of the man, and of the woman, and of him that lieth with her that is unclean.
Leviticus 16:10	But the goat, on which the lot fell to be the scapegoat, shall be presented alive before the LORD, to make an atonement with him, and to let him go for a scapegoat into the wilderness.
Leviticus 16:20	And when he hath made an end of reconciling the holy place, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and the altar, he shall bring the live goat:
Leviticus 16:30	For on that day shall the priest make an atonement for you, to cleanse you, that ye may be clean from all your sins before the LORD.
Leviticus 17:6	And the priest shall sprinkle the blood upon the altar of the LORD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and burn the fat for a sweet savor unto the LORD.
Leviticus 17:16	But if he wash them not, nor bathe his flesh; then he shall bear his iniquity.
Leviticus 18:10	The nakedness of thy son's daughter, or of thy daughter's daughter, even their nakedness thou shalt not uncover: for theirs is thine own nakedness.
Leviticus 18:20	Moreover thou shalt not lie carnally with thy neighbor's wife, to defile thyself with her.
Leviticus 18:30	Therefore shall ye keep mine ordinance, that ye commit not any one of these abominable customs, which were committed before you, and that ye defile not yourselves therein: I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 19:10	And thou shalt not glean thy vineyard, neither shalt thou gather every grape of thy vineyard; thou shalt leave them for the poor and stranger: I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 19:20	And whosoever lieth carnally with a woman, that is a bondmaid, betrothed to an husband, and not at all redeemed, nor freedom given her; she shall be scourged; they shall not be put to death, because she was not free.
Leviticus 19:30	Ye shall keep my sabbaths, and reverence my sanctuary: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 20:3	And I will set my face against that man, and will cut him off from among his people; because he hath given of his seed unto Molech, to defile my sanctuary, and to profane my holy name.
Leviticus 20:13	If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them.
Leviticus 20:23	And ye shall not walk in the manners of the nation, which I cast out before you: for they committed all these things, and therefore I abhorred them.
Leviticus 21:6	They shall be holy unto their God, and not profane the name of their God: for the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and the bread of their God, they do offer: therefore they shall be holy.
Leviticus 21:16	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 22:2	Speak unto Aaron and to his sons, that they separate themselves from the holy things of the children of Israel, and that they profane not my holy name in those things which they hallow unto me: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 22:12	If the priest's daughter also be married unto a stranger, she may not eat of an offering of the holy things.
Leviticus 22:22	Blind, or broken, or maimed, or having a wen, or scurvy, or scabbed, ye shall not offer these unto the LORD, nor make an offering by fire of them upon the altar unto the LORD.
Leviticus 22:32	Neither shall ye profane my holy name; but I will be hallowed among the children of Israel: I am the LORD which hallow you,
Leviticus 23:9	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 23:19	Then ye shall sacrifice one kid of the goats for a sin offering, and two lambs of the first year for a sacrifice of peace offerings.
Leviticus 23:29	For whatsoever soul it be that shall not be afflicted in that same day, he shall be cut off from among his people.
Leviticus 23:39	Also in the fifteenth day of the seventh month, when ye have gathered in the fruit of the land, ye shall keep a feast unto the LORD seven days: on the first day shall be a sabbath, and on the eighth day shall be a sabbath.
Leviticus 24:5	And thou shalt take fine flour, and bake twelve cakes thereof: two tenth deals shall be in one cake.
Leviticus 24:15	And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, Whosoever curseth his God shall bear his sin.
Leviticus 25:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into the land which I give you, then shall the land keep a sabbath unto the LORD.
Leviticus 25:12	For it is the jubilee; it shall be holy unto you: ye shall eat the increase thereof out of the field.
Leviticus 25:22	And ye shall sow the eighth year, and eat yet of old fruit until the ninth year; until her fruits come in ye shall eat of the old store.
Leviticus 25:32	Notwithstanding the cities of the Levites, and the houses of the cities of their possession, may the Levites redeem at any time.
Leviticus 25:42	For they are my servants, which I brought forth out of the land of Egypt: they shall not be sold as bondmen.
Leviticus 25:52	And if there remain but few years unto the year of jubilee, then he shall count with him, and according unto his years shall he give him again the price of his redemption.
Leviticus 26:7	And ye shall chase your enemies, and they shall fall before you by the sword.
Leviticus 26:17	And I will set my face against you, and ye shall be slain before your enemies: they that hate you shall reign over you; and ye shall flee when none pursueth you.
Leviticus 26:27	And if ye will not for all this hearken unto me, but walk contrary unto me;
Leviticus 26:37	And they shall fall one upon another, as it were before a sword, when none pursueth: and ye shall have no power to stand before your enemies.
Leviticus 27:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 27:11	And if it be any unclean beast, of which they do not offer a sacrifice unto the LORD, then he shall present the beast before the priest:
Leviticus 27:21	But the field, when it goeth out in the jubilee, shall be holy unto the LORD, as a field devoted; the possession thereof shall be the priest's.
Leviticus 27:31	And if a man will at all redeem ought of his tithes, he shall add thereto the fifth part thereof.
Numbers 1:7	Of Judah; Nahshon the son of Amminadab.
Numbers 1:17	And Moses and Aaron took these men which are expressed by their names:
Numbers 1:27	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Judah, were threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred.
Numbers 1:37	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Benjamin, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred.
Numbers 1:47	But the Levites after the tribe of their fathers were not numbered among them.
Numbers 2:3	And on the east side toward the rising of the sun shall they of the standard of the camp of Judah pitch throughout their armies: and Nahshon the son of Amminadab shall be captain of the children of Judah.
Numbers 2:13	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred.
Numbers 2:23	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred.
Numbers 2:33	But the Levites were not numbered among the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 3:9	And thou shalt give the Levites unto Aaron and to his sons: they are wholly given unto him out of the children of Israel.
Numbers 3:19	And the sons of Kohath by their families; Amram, and Izehar, Hebron, and Uzziel.
Numbers 3:29	The families of the sons of Kohath shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle southward.
Numbers 3:39	All that were numbered of the Levites, which Moses and Aaron numbered at the commandment of the LORD, throughout their families, all the males from a month old and upward, were twenty and two thousand.
Numbers 3:49	And Moses took the redemption money of them that were over and above them that were redeemed by the Levites:
Numbers 4:8	And they shall spread upon them a cloth of scarlet, and cover the same with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put in the staves thereof.
Numbers 4:18	Cut ye not off the tribe of the families of the Kohathites from among the Levites:
Numbers 4:28	This is the service of the families of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation: and their charge shall be under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
Numbers 4:38	And those that were numbered of the sons of Gershon, throughout their families, and by the house of their fathers,
Numbers 4:48	Even those that were numbered of them, were eight thousand and five hundred and fourscore,
Numbers 5:9	And every offering of all the holy things of the children of Israel, which they bring unto the priest, shall be his.
Numbers 5:19	And the priest shall charge her by an oath, and say unto the woman, If no man have lain with thee, and if thou hast not gone aside to uncleanness with another instead of thy husband, be thou free from this bitter water that causeth the curse:
Numbers 5:29	This is the law of jealousies, when a wife goeth aside to another instead of her husband, and is defiled;
Numbers 6:8	All the days of his separation he is holy unto the LORD.
Numbers 6:18	And the Nazarite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and shall take the hair of the head of his separation, and put it in the fire which is under the sacrifice of the peace offerings.
Numbers 7:1	And it came to pass on the day that Moses had fully set up the tabernacle, and had anointed it, and sanctified it, and all the instruments thereof, both the altar and all the vessels thereof, and had anointed them, and sanctified them;
Numbers 7:11	And the LORD said unto Moses, They shall offer their offering, each prince on his day, for the dedicating of the altar.
Numbers 7:21	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Numbers 7:31	His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Numbers 7:41	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.
Numbers 7:51	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Numbers 7:61	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Numbers 7:71	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.
Numbers 7:81	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Numbers 8:2	Speak unto Aaron and say unto him, When thou lightest the lamps, the seven lamps shall give light over against the candlestick.
Numbers 8:12	And the Levites shall lay their hands upon the heads of the bullocks: and thou shalt offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, unto the LORD, to make an atonement for the Levites.
Numbers 8:22	And after that went the Levites in to do their service in the tabernacle of the congregation before Aaron, and before his sons: as the LORD had commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so did they unto them.
Numbers 9:6	And there were certain men, who were defiled by the dead body of a man, that they could not keep the passover on that day: and they came before Moses and before Aaron on that day:
Numbers 9:16	So it was alway: the cloud covered it by day, and the appearance of fire by night.
Numbers 10:3	And when they shall blow with them, all the assembly shall assemble themselves to thee at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 10:13	And they first took their journey according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses.
Numbers 10:23	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.
Numbers 10:33	And they departed from the mount of the LORD three days' journey: and the ark of the covenant of the LORD went before them in the three days' journey, to search out a resting place for them.
Numbers 11:7	And the manna was as coriander seed, and the color thereof as the color of bdellium.
Numbers 11:17	And I will come down and talk with thee there: and I will take of the spirit which is upon thee, and will put it upon them; and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee, that thou bear it not thyself alone.
Numbers 11:27	And there ran a young man, and told Moses, and said, Eldad and Medad do prophesy in the camp.
Numbers 12:2	And they said, Hath the LORD indeed spoken only by Moses? hath he not spoken also by us? And the LORD heard it.
Numbers 12:12	Let her not be as one dead, of whom the flesh is half consumed when he cometh out of his mother's womb.
Numbers 13:6	Of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
Numbers 13:16	These are the names of the men which Moses sent to spy out the land. And Moses called Oshea the son of Nun Jehoshua.
Numbers 13:26	And they went and came to Moses, and to Aaron, and to all the congregation of the children of Israel, unto the wilderness of Paran, to Kadesh; and brought back word unto them, and unto all the congregation, and showed them the fruit of the land.
Numbers 14:3	And wherefore hath the LORD brought us unto this land, to fall by the sword, that our wives and our children should be a prey? were it not better for us to return into Egypt?
Numbers 14:13	And Moses said unto the LORD, Then the Egyptians shall hear it, (for thou broughtest up this people in thy might from among them;)
Numbers 14:23	Surely they shall not see the land which I sware unto their fathers, neither shall any of them that provoked me see it:
Numbers 14:33	And your children shall wander in the wilderness forty years, and bear your whoredoms, until your carcasses be wasted in the wilderness.
Numbers 14:43	For the Amalekites and the Canaanites are there before you, and ye shall fall by the sword: because ye are turned away from the LORD, therefore the LORD will not be with you.
Numbers 15:8	And when thou preparest a bullock for a burnt offering, or for a sacrifice in performing a vow, or peace offerings unto the LORD:
Numbers 15:18	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into the land whither I bring you,
Numbers 15:28	And the priest shall make an atonement for the soul that sinneth ignorantly, when he sinneth by ignorance before the LORD, to make an atonement for him; and it shall be forgiven him.
Numbers 15:38	Speak unto the children of Israel, and bid them that they make them fringes in the borders of their garments throughout their generations, and that they put upon the fringe of the borders a ribband of blue:
Numbers 16:7	And put fire therein, and put incense in them before the LORD to morrow: and it shall be that the man whom the LORD doth choose, he shall be holy: ye take too much upon you, ye sons of Levi.
Numbers 16:17	And take every man his censer, and put incense in them, and bring ye before the LORD every man his censer, two hundred and fifty censers; thou also, and Aaron, each of you his censer.
Numbers 16:27	So they gat up from the tabernacle of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram, on every side: and Dathan and Abiram came out, and stood in the door of their tents, and their wives, and their sons, and their little children.
Numbers 16:37	Speak unto Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, that he take up the censers out of the burning, and scatter thou the fire yonder; for they are hallowed.
Numbers 16:47	And Aaron took as Moses commanded, and ran into the midst of the congregation; and, behold, the plague was begun among the people: and he put on incense, and made an atonement for the people.
Numbers 17:7	And Moses laid up the rods before the LORD in the tabernacle of witness.
Numbers 18:4	And they shall be joined unto thee, and keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation, for all the service of the tabernacle: and a stranger shall not come nigh unto you.
Numbers 18:14	Every thing devoted in Israel shall be thine.
Numbers 18:24	But the tithes of the children of Israel, which they offer as an heave offering unto the LORD, I have given to the Levites to inherit: therefore I have said unto them, Among the children of Israel they shall have no inheritance.
Numbers 19:2	This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD hath commanded, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring thee a red heifer without spot, wherein is no blemish, and upon which never came yoke:
Numbers 19:12	He shall purify himself with it on the third day, and on the seventh day he shall be clean: but if he purify not himself the third day, then the seventh day he shall not be clean.
Numbers 19:22	And whatsoever the unclean person toucheth shall be unclean; and the soul that toucheth it shall be unclean until even.
Numbers 20:10	And Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together before the rock, and he said unto them, Hear now, ye rebels; must we fetch you water out of this rock?
Numbers 20:20	And he said, Thou shalt not go through. And Edom came out against him with much people, and with a strong hand.
Numbers 21:1	And when king Arad the Canaanite, which dwelt in the south, heard tell that Israel came by the way of the spies; then he fought against Israel, and took some of them prisoners.
Numbers 21:11	And they journeyed from Oboth, and pitched at Ijeabarim, in the wilderness which is before Moab, toward the sunrising.
Numbers 21:21	And Israel sent messengers unto Sihon king of the Amorites, saying,
Numbers 21:31	Thus Israel dwelt in the land of the Amorites.
Numbers 22:6	Come now therefore, I pray thee, curse me this people; for they are too mighty for me: peradventure I shall prevail, that we may smite them, and that I may drive them out of the land: for I wot that he whom thou blessest is blessed, and he whom thou cursest is cursed.
Numbers 22:16	And they came to Balaam, and said to him, Thus saith Balak the son of Zippor, Let nothing, I pray thee, hinder thee from coming unto me:
Numbers 22:26	And the angel of the LORD went further, and stood in a narrow place, where was no way to turn either to the right hand or to the left.
Numbers 22:36	And when Balak heard that Balaam was come, he went out to meet him unto a city of Moab, which is in the border of Arnon, which is in the utmost coast.
Numbers 23:5	And the LORD put a word in Balaam's mouth, and said, Return unto Balak, and thus thou shalt speak.
Numbers 23:15	And he said unto Balak, Stand here by thy burnt offering, while I meet the LORD yonder.
Numbers 23:25	And Balak said unto Balaam, Neither curse them at all, nor bless them at all.
Numbers 24:5	How goodly are thy tents, O Jacob, and thy tabernacles, O Israel!
Numbers 24:15	And he took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath said:
Numbers 24:25	And Balaam rose up, and went and returned to his place: and Balak also went his way.
Numbers 25:10	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 26:2	Take the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, from twenty years old and upward, throughout their fathers' house, all that are able to go to war in Israel.
Numbers 26:12	The sons of Simeon after their families: of Nemuel, the family of the Nemuelites: of Jamin, the family of the Jaminites: of Jachin, the family of the Jachinites:
Numbers 26:22	These are the families of Judah according to those that were numbered of them, threescore and sixteen thousand and five hundred.
Numbers 26:32	And of Shemida, the family of the Shemidaites: and of Hepher, the family of the Hepherites.
Numbers 26:42	These are the sons of Dan after their families: of Shuham, the family of the Shuhamites. These are the families of Dan after their families.
Numbers 26:52	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 26:62	And those that were numbered of them were twenty and three thousand, all males from a month old and upward: for they were not numbered among the children of Israel, because there was no inheritance given them among the children of Israel.
Numbers 27:7	The daughters of Zelophehad speak right: thou shalt surely give them a possession of an inheritance among their father's brethren; and thou shalt cause the inheritance of their father to pass unto them.
Numbers 27:17	Which may go out before them, and which may go in before them, and which may lead them out, and which may bring them in; that the congregation of the LORD be not as sheep which have no shepherd.
Numbers 28:4	The one lamb shalt thou offer in the morning, and the other lamb shalt thou offer at even;
Numbers 28:14	And their drink offerings shall be half an hin of wine unto a bullock, and the third part of an hin unto a ram, and a fourth part of an hin unto a lamb: this is the burnt offering of every month throughout the months of the year.
Numbers 28:24	After this manner ye shall offer daily, throughout the seven days, the meat of the sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD: it shall be offered beside the continual burnt offering, and his drink offering.
Numbers 29:3	And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals for a bullock, and two tenth deals for a ram,
Numbers 29:13	And ye shall offer a burnt offering, a sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD; thirteen young bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year; they shall be without blemish:
Numbers 29:23	And on the fourth day ten bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish:
Numbers 29:33	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:
Numbers 30:3	If a woman also vow a vow unto the LORD, and bind herself by a bond, being in her father's house in her youth;
Numbers 30:13	Every vow, and every binding oath to afflict the soul, her husband may establish it, or her husband may make it void.
Numbers 31:7	And they warred against the Midianites, as the LORD commanded Moses; and they slew all the males.
Numbers 31:17	Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that hath known man by lying with him.
Numbers 31:27	And divide the prey into two parts; between them that took the war upon them, who went out to battle, and between all the congregation:
Numbers 31:37	And the LORD's tribute of the sheep was six hundred and threescore and fifteen.
Numbers 31:47	Even of the children of Israel's half, Moses took one portion of fifty, both of man and of beast, and gave them unto the Levites, which kept the charge of the tabernacle of the LORD; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 32:3	Ataroth, and Dibon, and Jazer, and Nimrah, and Heshbon, and Elealeh, and Shebam, and Nebo, and Beon,
Numbers 32:13	And the LORD's anger was kindled against Israel, and he made them wander in the wilderness forty years, until all the generation, that had done evil in the sight of the LORD, was consumed.
Numbers 32:23	But if ye will not do so, behold, ye have sinned against the LORD: and be sure your sin will find you out.
Numbers 32:33	And Moses gave unto them, even to the children of Gad, and to the children of Reuben, and unto half the tribe of Manasseh the son of Joseph, the kingdom of Sihon king of the Amorites, and the kingdom of Og king of Bashan, the land, with the cities thereof in the coasts, even the cities of the country round about.
Numbers 33:1	These are the journeys of the children of Israel, which went forth out of the land of Egypt with their armies under the hand of Moses and Aaron.
Numbers 33:11	And they removed from the Red sea, and encamped in the wilderness of Sin.
Numbers 33:21	And they removed from Libnah, and pitched at Rissah.
Numbers 33:31	And they departed from Moseroth, and pitched in Benejaakan.
Numbers 33:41	And they departed from mount Hor, and pitched in Zalmonah.
Numbers 33:51	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye are passed over Jordan into the land of Canaan;
Numbers 34:5	And the border shall fetch a compass from Azmon unto the river of Egypt, and the goings out of it shall be at the sea.
Numbers 34:15	The two tribes and the half tribe have received their inheritance on this side Jordan near Jericho eastward, toward the sunrising.
Numbers 34:25	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Zebulun, Elizaphan the son of Parnach.
Numbers 35:6	And among the cities which ye shall give unto the Levites there shall be six cities for refuge, which ye shall appoint for the manslayer, that he may flee thither: and to them ye shall add forty and two cities.
Numbers 35:16	And if he smite him with an instrument of iron, so that he die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to death.
Numbers 35:26	But if the slayer shall at any time come without the border of the city of his refuge, whither he was fled;
Numbers 36:2	And they said, The LORD commanded my lord to give the land for an inheritance by lot to the children of Israel: and my lord was commanded by the LORD to give the inheritance of Zelophehad our brother unto his daughters.
Numbers 36:12	And they were married into the families of the sons of Manasseh the son of Joseph, and their inheritance remained in the tribe of the family of their father.
Deuteronomy 1:9	And I spake unto you at that time, saying, I am not able to bear you myself alone:
Deuteronomy 1:19	And when we departed from Horeb, we went through all that great and terrible wilderness, which ye saw by the way of the mountain of the Amorites, as the LORD our God commanded us; and we came to Kadeshbarnea.
Deuteronomy 1:29	Then I said unto you, Dread not, neither be afraid of them.
Deuteronomy 1:39	Moreover your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, and your children, which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil, they shall go in thither, and unto them will I give it, and they shall possess it.
Deuteronomy 2:3	Ye have compassed this mountain long enough: turn you northward.
Deuteronomy 2:13	Now rise up, said I, and get you over the brook Zered. And we went over the brook Zered.
Deuteronomy 2:23	And the Avims which dwelt in Hazerim, even unto Azzah, the Caphtorims, which came forth out of Caphtor, destroyed them, and dwelt in their stead.)
Deuteronomy 2:33	And the LORD our God delivered him before us; and we smote him, and his sons, and all his people.
Deuteronomy 3:6	And we utterly destroyed them, as we did unto Sihon king of Heshbon, utterly destroying the men, women, and children, of every city.
Deuteronomy 3:16	And unto the Reubenites and unto the Gadites I gave from Gilead even unto the river Arnon half the valley, and the border even unto the river Jabbok, which is the border of the children of Ammon;
Deuteronomy 3:26	But the LORD was wroth with me for your sakes, and would not hear me: and the LORD said unto me, Let it suffice thee; speak no more unto me of this matter.
Deuteronomy 4:7	For what nation is there so great, who hath God so nigh unto them, as the LORD our God is in all things that we call upon him for?
Deuteronomy 4:17	The likeness of any beast that is on the earth, the likeness of any winged fowl that flieth in the air,
Deuteronomy 4:27	And the LORD shall scatter you among the nations, and ye shall be left few in number among the heathen, whither the LORD shall lead you.
Deuteronomy 4:37	And because he loved thy fathers, therefore he chose their seed after them, and brought thee out in his sight with his mighty power out of Egypt;
Deuteronomy 4:47	And they possessed his land, and the land of Og king of Bashan, two kings of the Amorites, which were on this side Jordan toward the sunrising;
Deuteronomy 5:8	Thou shalt not make thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the waters beneath the earth:
Deuteronomy 5:18	Neither shalt thou commit adultery.
Deuteronomy 5:28	And the LORD heard the voice of your words, when ye spake unto me; and the LORD said unto me, I have heard the voice of the words of this people, which they have spoken unto thee: they have well said all that they have spoken.
Deuteronomy 6:5	And thou shalt love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might.
Deuteronomy 6:15	(For the LORD thy God is a jealous God among you) lest the anger of the LORD thy God be kindled against thee, and destroy thee from off the face of the earth.
Deuteronomy 6:25	And it shall be our righteousness, if we observe to do all these commandments before the LORD our God, as he hath commanded us.
Deuteronomy 7:10	And repayeth them that hate him to their face, to destroy them: he will not be slack to him that hateth him, he will repay him to his face.
Deuteronomy 7:20	Moreover the LORD thy God will send the hornet among them, until they that are left, and hide themselves from thee, be destroyed.
Deuteronomy 8:4	Thy raiment waxed not old upon thee, neither did thy foot swell, these forty years.
Deuteronomy 8:14	Then thine heart be lifted up, and thou forget the LORD thy God, which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage;
Deuteronomy 9:4	Speak not thou in thine heart, after that the LORD thy God hath cast them out from before thee, saying, For my righteousness the LORD hath brought me in to possess this land: but for the wickedness of these nations the LORD doth drive them out from before thee.
Deuteronomy 9:14	Let me alone, that I may destroy them, and blot out their name from under heaven: and I will make of thee a nation mightier and greater than they.
Deuteronomy 9:24	Ye have been rebellious against the LORD from the day that I knew you.
Deuteronomy 10:5	And I turned myself and came down from the mount, and put the tables in the ark which I had made; and there they be, as the LORD commanded me.
Deuteronomy 10:15	Only the LORD had a delight in thy fathers to love them, and he chose their seed after them, even you above all people, as it is this day.
Deuteronomy 11:3	And his miracles, and his acts, which he did in the midst of Egypt unto Pharaoh the king of Egypt, and unto all his land;
Deuteronomy 11:13	And it shall come to pass, if ye shall hearken diligently unto my commandments which I command you this day, to love the LORD your God, and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul,
Deuteronomy 11:23	Then will the LORD drive out all these nations from before you, and ye shall possess greater nations and mightier than yourselves.
Deuteronomy 12:1	These are the statutes and judgments, which ye shall observe to do in the land, which the LORD God of thy fathers giveth thee to possess it, all the days that ye live upon the earth.
Deuteronomy 12:11	Then there shall be a place which the LORD your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell there; thither shall ye bring all that I command you; your burnt offerings, and your sacrifices, your tithes, and the heave offering of your hand, and all your choice vows which ye vow unto the LORD:
Deuteronomy 12:21	If the place which the LORD thy God hath chosen to put his name there be too far from thee, then thou shalt kill of thy herd and of thy flock, which the LORD hath given thee, as I have commanded thee, and thou shalt eat in thy gates whatsoever thy soul lusteth after.
Deuteronomy 12:31	Thou shalt not do so unto the LORD thy God: for every abomination to the LORD, which he hateth, have they done unto their gods; for even their sons and their daughters they have burnt in the fire to their gods.
Deuteronomy 13:9	But thou shalt surely kill him; thine hand shall be first upon him to put him to death, and afterwards the hand of all the people.
Deuteronomy 14:1	Ye are the children of the LORD your God: ye shall not cut yourselves, nor make any baldness between your eyes for the dead.
Deuteronomy 14:11	Of all clean birds ye shall eat.
Deuteronomy 14:21	Ye shall not eat of anything that dieth of itself: thou shalt give it unto the stranger that is in thy gates, that he may eat it; or thou mayest sell it unto an alien: for thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother's milk.
Deuteronomy 15:2	And this is the manner of the release: Every creditor that lendeth ought unto his neighbor shall release it; he shall not exact it of his neighbor, or of his brother; because it is called the LORD's release.
Deuteronomy 15:12	And if thy brother, an Hebrew man, or an Hebrew woman, be sold unto thee, and serve thee six years; then in the seventh year thou shalt let him go free from thee.
Deuteronomy 15:22	Thou shalt eat it within thy gates: the unclean and the clean person shall eat it alike, as the roebuck, and as the hart.
Deuteronomy 16:9	Seven weeks shalt thou number unto thee: begin to number the seven weeks from such time as thou beginnest to put the sickle to the corn.
Deuteronomy 16:19	Thou shalt not wrest judgment; thou shalt not respect persons, neither take a gift: for a gift doth blind the eyes of the wise, and pervert the words of the righteous.
Deuteronomy 17:7	The hands of the witnesses shall be first upon him to put him to death, and afterward the hands of all the people. So thou shalt put the evil away from among you.
Deuteronomy 17:17	Neither shall he multiply wives to himself, that his heart turn not away: neither shall he greatly multiply to himself silver and gold.
Deuteronomy 18:7	Then he shall minister in the name of the LORD his God, as all his brethren the Levites do, which stand there before the LORD.
Deuteronomy 18:17	And the LORD said unto me, They have well spoken that which they have spoken.
Deuteronomy 19:5	As when a man goeth into the wood with his neighbor to hew wood, and his hand fetcheth a stroke with the axe to cut down the tree, and the head slippeth from the helve, and lighteth upon his neighbor, that he die; he shall flee unto one of those cities, and live:
Deuteronomy 19:15	One witness shall not rise up against a man for any iniquity, or for any sin, in any sin that he sinneth: at the mouth of two witnesses, or at the mouth of three witnesses, shall the matter be established.
Deuteronomy 20:4	For the LORD your God is he that goeth with you, to fight for you against your enemies, to save you.
Deuteronomy 20:14	But the women, and the little ones, and the cattle, and all that is in the city, even all the spoil thereof, shalt thou take unto thyself; and thou shalt eat the spoil of thine enemies, which the LORD thy God hath given thee.
Deuteronomy 21:4	And the elders of that city shall bring down the heifer unto a rough valley, which is neither eared nor sown, and shall strike off the heifer's neck there in the valley:
Deuteronomy 21:14	And it shall be, if thou have no delight in her, then thou shalt let her go whither she will; but thou shalt not sell her at all for money, thou shalt not make merchandise of her, because thou hast humbled her.
Deuteronomy 22:1	Thou shalt not see thy brother's ox or his sheep go astray, and hide thyself from them: thou shalt in any case bring them again unto thy brother.
Deuteronomy 22:11	Thou shalt not wear a garment of divers sorts, as of woolen and linen together.
Deuteronomy 22:21	Then they shall bring out the damsel to the door of her father's house, and the men of her city shall stone her with stones that she die: because she hath wrought folly in Israel, to play the whore in her father's house: so shalt thou put evil away from among you.
Deuteronomy 23:1	He that is wounded in the stones, or hath his privy member cut off, shall not enter into the congregation of the LORD.
Deuteronomy 23:11	But it shall be, when evening cometh on, he shall wash himself with water: and when the sun is down, he shall come into the camp again.
Deuteronomy 23:21	When thou shalt vow a vow unto the LORD thy God, thou shalt not slack to pay it: for the LORD thy God will surely require it of thee; and it would be sin in thee.
Deuteronomy 24:6	No man shall take the nether or the upper millstone to pledge: for he taketh a man's life to pledge.
Deuteronomy 24:16	The fathers shall not be put to death for the children, neither shall the children be put to death for the fathers: every man shall be put to death for his own sin.
Deuteronomy 25:4	Thou shalt not muzzle the ox when he treadeth out the corn.
Deuteronomy 25:14	Thou shalt not have in thine house divers measures, a great and a small.
Deuteronomy 26:5	And thou shalt speak and say before the LORD thy God, A Syrian ready to perish was my father, and he went down into Egypt, and sojourned there with a few, and became there a nation, great, mighty, and populous:
Deuteronomy 26:15	Look down from thy holy habitation, from heaven, and bless thy people Israel, and the land which thou hast given us, as thou swarest unto our fathers, a land that floweth with milk and honey.
Deuteronomy 27:6	Thou shalt build the altar of the LORD thy God of whole stones: and thou shalt offer burnt offerings thereon unto the LORD thy God:
Deuteronomy 27:16	Cursed be he that setteth light by his father or his mother. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Deuteronomy 27:26	Cursed be he that confirmeth not all the words of this law to do them. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Deuteronomy 28:10	And all people of the earth shall see that thou art called by the name of the LORD; and they shall be afraid of thee.
Deuteronomy 28:20	The LORD shall send upon thee cursing, vexation, and rebuke, in all that thou settest thine hand unto for to do, until thou be destroyed, and until thou perish quickly; because of the wickedness of thy doings, whereby thou hast forsaken me.
Deuteronomy 28:30	Thou shalt betroth a wife, and another man shall lie with her: thou shalt build an house, and thou shalt not dwell therein: thou shalt plant a vineyard, and shalt not gather the grapes thereof.
Deuteronomy 28:40	Thou shalt have olive trees throughout all thy coasts, but thou shalt not anoint thyself with the oil; for thine olive shall cast his fruit.
Deuteronomy 28:50	A nation of fierce countenance, which shall not regard the person of the old, nor show favor to the young:
Deuteronomy 28:60	Moreover he will bring upon thee all the diseases of Egypt, which thou wast afraid of; and they shall cleave unto thee.
Deuteronomy 29:2	And Moses called unto all Israel, and said unto them, Ye have seen all that the LORD did before your eyes in the land of Egypt unto Pharaoh, and unto all his servants, and unto all his land;
Deuteronomy 29:12	That thou shouldest enter into covenant with the LORD thy God, and into his oath, which the LORD thy God maketh with thee this day:
Deuteronomy 29:22	So that the generation to come of your children that shall rise up after you, and the stranger that shall come from a far land, shall say, when they see the plagues of that land, and the sicknesses which the LORD hath laid upon it;
Deuteronomy 30:3	That then the LORD thy God will turn thy captivity, and have compassion upon thee, and will return and gather thee from all the nations, whither the LORD thy God hath scattered thee.
Deuteronomy 30:13	Neither is it beyond the sea, that thou shouldest say, Who shall go over the sea for us, and bring it unto us, that we may hear it, and do it?
Deuteronomy 31:3	The LORD thy God, he will go over before thee, and he will destroy these nations from before thee, and thou shalt possess them: and Joshua, he shall go over before thee, as the LORD hath said.
Deuteronomy 31:13	And that their children, which have not known any thing, may hear, and learn to fear the LORD your God, as long as ye live in the land whither ye go over Jordan to possess it.
Deuteronomy 31:23	And he gave Joshua the son of Nun a charge, and said, Be strong and of a good courage: for thou shalt bring the children of Israel into the land which I sware unto them: and I will be with thee.
Deuteronomy 32:3	Because I will publish the name of the LORD: ascribe ye greatness unto our God.
Deuteronomy 32:13	He made him ride on the high places of the earth, that he might eat the increase of the fields; and he made him to suck honey out of the rock, and oil out of the flinty rock;
Deuteronomy 32:23	I will heap mischiefs upon them; I will spend mine arrows upon them.
Deuteronomy 32:33	Their wine is the poison of dragons, and the cruel venom of asps.
Deuteronomy 32:43	Rejoice, O ye nations, with his people: for he will avenge the blood of his servants, and will render vengeance to his adversaries, and will be merciful unto his land, and to his people.
Deuteronomy 33:1	And this is the blessing, wherewith Moses the man of God blessed the children of Israel before his death.
Deuteronomy 33:11	Bless, LORD, his substance, and accept the work of his hands; smite through the loins of them that rise against him, and of them that hate him, that they rise not again.
Deuteronomy 33:21	And he provided the first part for himself, because there, in a portion of the lawgiver, was he seated; and he came with the heads of the people, he executed the justice of the LORD, and his judgments with Israel.
Deuteronomy 34:2	And all Naphtali, and the land of Ephraim, and Manasseh, and all the land of Judah, unto the utmost sea,
Deuteronomy 34:12	And in all that mighty hand, and in all the great terror which Moses showed in the sight of all Israel.
Joshua 1:10	Then Joshua commanded the officers of the people, saying,
Joshua 2:2	And it was told the king of Jericho, saying, Behold, there came men in hither to night of the children of Israel to search out the country.
Joshua 2:12	Now therefore, I pray you, swear unto me by the LORD, since I have showed you kindness, that ye will also show kindness unto my father's house, and give me a true token:
Joshua 2:22	And they went, and came unto the mountain, and abode there three days, until the pursuers were returned: and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way, but found them not.
Joshua 3:8	And thou shalt command the priests that bear the ark of the covenant, saying, When ye are come to the brink of the water of Jordan, ye shall stand still in Jordan.
Joshua 4:1	And it came to pass, when all the people were clean passed over Jordan, that the LORD spake unto Joshua, saying,
Joshua 4:11	And it came to pass, when all the people were clean passed over, that the ark of the LORD passed over, and the priests, in the presence of the people.
Joshua 4:21	And he spake unto the children of Israel, saying, When your children shall ask their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean these stones?
Joshua 5:7	And their children, whom he raised up in their stead, them Joshua circumcised: for they were uncircumcised, because they had not circumcised them by the way.
Joshua 6:2	And the LORD said unto Joshua, See, I have given into thine hand Jericho, and the king thereof, and the mighty men of valor.
Joshua 6:12	And Joshua rose early in the morning, and the priests took up the ark of the LORD.
Joshua 6:22	But Joshua had said unto the two men that had spied out the country, Go into the harlot's house, and bring out thence the woman, and all that she hath, as ye sware unto her.
Joshua 7:5	And the men of Ai smote of them about thirty and six men: for they chased them from before the gate even unto Shebarim, and smote them in the going down: wherefore the hearts of the people melted, and became as water.
Joshua 7:15	And it shall be, that he that is taken with the accursed thing shall be burnt with fire, he and all that he hath: because he hath transgressed the covenant of the LORD, and because he hath wrought folly in Israel.
Joshua 7:25	And Joshua said, Why hast thou troubled us? the LORD shall trouble thee this day. And all Israel stoned him with stones, and burned them with fire, after they had stoned them with stones.
Joshua 8:9	Joshua therefore sent them forth: and they went to lie in ambush, and abode between Bethel and Ai, on the west side of Ai: but Joshua lodged that night among the people.
Joshua 8:19	And the ambush arose quickly out of their place, and they ran as soon as he had stretched out his hand: and they entered into the city, and took it, and hasted and set the city on fire.
Joshua 8:29	And the king of Ai he hanged on a tree until eventide: and as soon as the sun was down, Joshua commanded that they should take his carcass down from the tree, and cast it at the entering of the gate of the city, and raise thereon a great heap of stones, that remaineth unto this day.
Joshua 9:4	They did work wilily, and went and made as if they had been ambassadors, and took old sacks upon their asses, and wine bottles, old, and rent, and bound up;
Joshua 9:14	And the men took of their victuals, and asked not counsel at the mouth of the LORD.
Joshua 9:24	And they answered Joshua, and said, Because it was certainly told thy servants, how that the LORD thy God commanded his servant Moses to give you all the land, and to destroy all the inhabitants of the land from before you, therefore we were sore afraid of our lives because of you, and have done this thing.
Joshua 10:7	So Joshua ascended from Gilgal, he, and all the people of war with him, and all the mighty men of valor.
Joshua 10:17	And it was told Joshua, saying, The five kings are found hid in a cave at Makkedah.
Joshua 10:27	And it came to pass at the time of the going down of the sun, that Joshua commanded, and they took them down off the trees, and cast them into the cave wherein they had been hid, and laid great stones in the cave's mouth, which remain until this very day.
Joshua 10:37	And they took it, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and the king thereof, and all the cities thereof, and all the souls that were therein; he left none remaining, according to all that he had done to Eglon; but destroyed it utterly, and all the souls that were therein.
Joshua 11:4	And they went out, they and all their hosts with them, much people, even as the sand that is upon the sea shore in multitude, with horses and chariots very many.
Joshua 11:14	And all the spoil of these cities, and the cattle, the children of Israel took for a prey unto themselves; but every man they smote with the edge of the sword, until they had destroyed them, neither left they any to breathe.
Joshua 12:1	Now these are the kings of the land, which the children of Israel smote, and possessed their land on the other side Jordan toward the rising of the sun, from the river Arnon unto mount Hermon, and all the plain on the east:
Joshua 12:11	The king of Jarmuth, one; the king of Lachish, one;
Joshua 12:21	The king of Taanach, one; the king of Megiddo, one;
Joshua 13:7	Now therefore divide this land for an inheritance unto the nine tribes, and the half tribe of Manasseh,
Joshua 13:17	Heshbon, and all her cities that are in the plain; Dibon, and Bamothbaal, and Bethbaalmeon,
Joshua 13:27	And in the valley, Betharam, and Bethnimrah, and Succoth, and Zaphon, the rest of the kingdom of Sihon king of Heshbon, Jordan and his border, even unto the edge of the sea of Chinnereth on the other side Jordan eastward.
Joshua 14:4	For the children of Joseph were two tribes, Manasseh and Ephraim: therefore they gave no part unto the Levites in the land, save cities to dwell in, with their suburbs for their cattle and for their substance.
Joshua 14:14	Hebron therefore became the inheritance of Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite unto this day, because that he wholly followed the LORD God of Israel.
Joshua 15:9	And the border was drawn from the top of the hill unto the fountain of the water of Nephtoah, and went out to the cities of mount Ephron; and the border was drawn to Baalah, which is Kirjathjearim:
Joshua 15:19	Who answered, Give me a blessing; for thou hast given me a south land; give me also springs of water. And he gave her the upper springs, and the nether springs.
Joshua 15:29	Baalah, and Iim, and Azem,
Joshua 15:39	Lachish, and Bozkath, and Eglon,
Joshua 15:49	And Dannah, and Kirjathsannah, which is Debir,
Joshua 15:59	And Maarath, and Bethanoth, and Eltekon; six cities with their villages:
Joshua 16:6	And the border went out toward the sea to Michmethah on the north side; and the border went about eastward unto Taanathshiloh, and passed by it on the east to Janohah;
Joshua 17:6	Because the daughters of Manasseh had an inheritance among his sons: and the rest of Manasseh's sons had the land of Gilead.
Joshua 17:16	And the children of Joseph said, The hill is not enough for us: and all the Canaanites that dwell in the land of the valley have chariots of iron, both they who are of Bethshean and her towns, and they who are of the valley of Jezreel.
Joshua 18:8	And the men arose, and went away: and Joshua charged them that went to describe the land, saying, Go and walk through the land, and describe it, and come again to me, that I may here cast lots for you before the LORD in Shiloh.
Joshua 18:18	And passed along toward the side over against Arabah northward, and went down unto Arabah:
Joshua 18:28	And Zelah, Eleph, and Jebusi, which is Jerusalem, Gibeath, and Kirjath; fourteen cities with their villages. This is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families.
Joshua 19:10	And the third lot came up for the children of Zebulun according to their families: and the border of their inheritance was unto Sarid:
Joshua 19:20	And Rabbith, and Kishion, and Abez,
Joshua 19:30	Ummah also, and Aphek, and Rehob: twenty and two cities with their villages.
Joshua 19:40	And the seventh lot came out for the tribe of the children of Dan according to their families.
Joshua 19:50	According to the word of the LORD they gave him the city which he asked, even Timnathserah in mount Ephraim: and he built the city, and dwelt therein.
Joshua 20:9	These were the cities appointed for all the children of Israel, and for the stranger that sojourneth among them, that whosoever killeth any person at unawares might flee thither, and not die by the hand of the avenger of blood, until he stood before the congregation.
Joshua 21:10	Which the children of Aaron, being of the families of the Kohathites, who were of the children of Levi, had: for theirs was the first lot.
Joshua 21:20	And the families of the children of Kohath, the Levites which remained of the children of Kohath, even they had the cities of their lot out of the tribe of Ephraim.
Joshua 21:30	And out of the tribe of Asher, Mishal with her suburbs, Abdon with her suburbs,
Joshua 21:40	So all the cities for the children of Merari by their families, which were remaining of the families of the Levites, were by their lot twelve cities.
Joshua 22:5	But take diligent heed to do the commandment and the law, which Moses the servant of the LORD charged you, to love the LORD your God, and to walk in all his ways, and to keep his commandments, and to cleave unto him, and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul.
Joshua 22:15	And they came unto the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the half tribe of Manasseh, unto the land of Gilead, and they spake with them, saying,
Joshua 22:25	For the LORD hath made Jordan a border between us and you, ye children of Reuben and children of Gad; ye have no part in the LORD: so shall your children make our children cease from fearing the LORD.
Joshua 23:1	And it came to pass a long time after that the LORD had given rest unto Israel from all their enemies round about, that Joshua waxed old and stricken in age.
Joshua 23:11	Take good heed therefore unto yourselves, that ye love the LORD your God.
Joshua 24:5	I sent Moses also and Aaron, and I plagued Egypt, according to that which I did among them: and afterward I brought you out.
Joshua 24:15	And if it seem evil unto you to serve the LORD, choose you this day whom ye will serve; whether the gods which your fathers served that were on the other side of the flood, or the gods of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but as for me and my house, we will serve the LORD.
Joshua 24:25	So Joshua made a covenant with the people that day, and set them a statute and an ordinance in Shechem.
Judges 1:2	And the LORD said, Judah shall go up: behold, I have delivered the land into his hand.
Judges 1:12	And Caleb said, He that smiteth Kirjathsepher, and taketh it, to him will I give Achsah my daughter to wife.
Judges 1:22	And the house of Joseph, they also went up against Bethel: and the LORD was with them.
Judges 1:32	But the Asherites dwelt among the Canaanites, the inhabitants of the land: for they did not drive them out.
Judges 2:6	And when Joshua had let the people go, the children of Israel went every man unto his inheritance to possess the land.
Judges 2:16	Nevertheless the LORD raised up judges, which delivered them out of the hand of those that spoiled them.
Judges 3:3	Namely, five lords of the Philistines, and all the Canaanites, and the Sidonians, and the Hivites that dwelt in mount Lebanon, from mount Baalhermon unto the entering in of Hamath.
Judges 3:13	And he gathered unto him the children of Ammon and Amalek, and went and smote Israel, and possessed the city of palm trees.
Judges 3:23	Then Ehud went forth through the porch, and shut the doors of the parlor upon him, and locked them.
Judges 4:2	And the LORD sold them into the hand of Jabin king of Canaan, that reigned in Hazor; the captain of whose host was Sisera, which dwelt in Harosheth of the Gentiles.
Judges 4:12	And they showed Sisera that Barak the son of Abinoam was gone up to mount Tabor.
Judges 4:22	And, behold, as Barak pursued Sisera, Jael came out to meet him, and said unto him, Come, and I will show thee the man whom thou seekest. And when he came into her tent, behold, Sisera lay dead, and the nail was in his temples.
Judges 5:8	They chose new gods; then was war in the gates: was there a shield or spear seen among forty thousand in Israel?
Judges 5:18	Zebulun and Naphtali were a people that jeoparded their lives unto the death in the high places of the field.
Judges 5:28	The mother of Sisera looked out at a window, and cried through the lattice, Why is his chariot so long in coming? why tarry the wheels of his chariots?
Judges 6:7	And it came to pass, when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD because of the Midianites,
Judges 6:17	And he said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, then show me a sign that thou talkest with me.
Judges 6:27	Then Gideon took ten men of his servants, and did as the LORD had said unto him: and so it was, because he feared his father's household, and the men of the city, that he could not do it by day, that he did it by night.
Judges 6:37	Behold, I will put a fleece of wool in the floor; and if the dew be on the fleece only, and it be dry upon all the earth beside, then shall I know that thou wilt save Israel by mine hand, as thou hast said.
Judges 7:7	And the LORD said unto Gideon, By the three hundred men that lapped will I save you, and deliver the Midianites into thine hand: and let all the other people go every man unto his place.
Judges 7:17	And he said unto them, Look on me, and do likewise: and, behold, when I come to the outside of the camp, it shall be that, as I do, so shall ye do.
Judges 8:2	And he said unto them, What have I done now in comparison of you? Is not the gleaning of the grapes of Ephraim better than the vintage of Abiezer?
Judges 8:12	And when Zebah and Zalmunna fled, he pursued after them, and took the two kings of Midian, Zebah and Zalmunna, and discomfited all the host.
Judges 8:22	Then the men of Israel said unto Gideon, Rule thou over us, both thou, and thy son, and thy son's son also: for thou hast delivered us from the hand of Midian.
Judges 8:32	And Gideon the son of Joash died in a good old age, and was buried in the sepulchre of Joash his father, in Ophrah of the Abiezrites.
Judges 9:7	And when they told it to Jotham, he went and stood in the top of mount Gerizim, and lifted up his voice, and cried, and said unto them, Hearken unto me, ye men of Shechem, that God may hearken unto you.
Judges 9:17	(For my father fought for you, and adventured his life far, and delivered you out of the hand of Midian:
Judges 9:27	And they went out into the fields, and gathered their vineyards, and trode the grapes, and made merry, and went into the house of their god, and did eat and drink, and cursed Abimelech.
Judges 9:37	And Gaal spake again, and said, See there come people down by the middle of the land, and another company come along by the plain of Meonenim.
Judges 9:47	And it was told Abimelech, that all the men of the tower of Shechem were gathered together.
Judges 9:57	And all the evil of the men of Shechem did God render upon their heads: and upon them came the curse of Jotham the son of Jerubbaal.
Judges 10:10	And the children of Israel cried unto the LORD, saying, We have sinned against thee, both because we have forsaken our God, and also served Baalim.
Judges 11:2	And Gilead's wife bare him sons; and his wife's sons grew up, and they thrust out Jephthah, and said unto him, Thou shalt not inherit in our father's house; for thou art the son of a strange woman.
Judges 11:12	And Jephthah sent messengers unto the king of the children of Ammon, saying, What hast thou to do with me, that thou art come against me to fight in my land?
Judges 11:22	And they possessed all the coasts of the Amorites, from Arnon even unto Jabbok, and from the wilderness even unto Jordan.
Judges 11:32	So Jephthah passed over unto the children of Ammon to fight against them; and the LORD delivered them into his hands.
Judges 12:2	And Jephthah said unto them, I and my people were at great strife with the children of Ammon; and when I called you, ye delivered me not out of their hands.
Judges 12:12	And Elon the Zebulonite died, and was buried in Aijalon in the country of Zebulun.
Judges 13:7	But he said unto me, Behold, thou shalt conceive, and bear a son; and now drink no wine nor strong drink, neither eat any unclean thing: for the child shall be a Nazarite to God from the womb to the day of his death.
Judges 13:17	And Manoah said unto the angel of the LORD, What is thy name, that when thy sayings come to pass we may do thee honor?
Judges 14:2	And he came up, and told his father and his mother, and said, I have seen a woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines: now therefore get her for me to wife.
Judges 14:12	And Samson said unto them, I will now put forth a riddle unto you: if ye can certainly declare it me within the seven days of the feast, and find it out, then I will give you thirty sheets and thirty change of garments:
Judges 15:2	And her father said, I verily thought that thou hadst utterly hated her; therefore I gave her to thy companion: is not her younger sister fairer than she? take her, I pray thee, instead of her.
Judges 15:12	And they said unto him, We are come down to bind thee, that we may deliver thee into the hand of the Philistines. And Samson said unto them, Swear unto me, that ye will not fall upon me yourselves.
Judges 16:2	And it was told the Gazites, saying, Samson is come hither. And they compassed him in, and laid wait for him all night in the gate of the city, and were quiet all the night, saying, In the morning, when it is day, we shall kill him.
Judges 16:12	Delilah therefore took new ropes, and bound him therewith, and said unto him, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And there were liers in wait abiding in the chamber. And he brake them from off his arms like a thread.
Judges 16:22	Howbeit the hair of his head began to grow again after he was shaven.
Judges 17:1	And there was a man of mount Ephraim, whose name was Micah.
Judges 17:11	And the Levite was content to dwell with the man; and the young man was unto him as one of his sons.
Judges 18:8	And they came unto their brethren to Zorah and Eshtaol: and their brethren said unto them, What say ye?
Judges 18:18	And these went into Micah's house, and fetched the carved image, the ephod, and the teraphim, and the molten image. Then said the priest unto them, What do ye?
Judges 18:28	And there was no deliverer, because it was far from Zidon, and they had no business with any man; and it was in the valley that lieth by Bethrehob. And they built a city, and dwelt therein.
Judges 19:7	And when the man rose up to depart, his father in law urged him: therefore he lodged there again.
Judges 19:17	And when he had lifted up his eyes, he saw a wayfaring man in the street of the city: and the old man said, Whither goest thou? and whence comest thou?
Judges 19:27	And her lord rose up in the morning, and opened the doors of the house, and went out to go his way: and, behold, the woman his concubine was fallen down at the door of the house, and her hands were upon the threshold.
Judges 20:7	Behold, ye are all children of Israel; give here your advice and counsel.
Judges 20:17	And the men of Israel, beside Benjamin, were numbered four hundred thousand men that drew sword: all these were men of war.
Judges 20:27	And the children of Israel inquired of the LORD, (for the ark of the covenant of God was there in those days,
Judges 20:37	And the liers in wait hasted, and rushed upon Gibeah; and the liers in wait drew themselves along, and smote all the city with the edge of the sword.
Judges 20:47	But six hundred men turned and fled to the wilderness unto the rock Rimmon, and abode in the rock Rimmon four months.
Judges 21:9	For the people were numbered, and, behold, there were none of the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead there.
Judges 21:19	Then they said, Behold, there is a feast of the LORD in Shiloh yearly in a place which is on the north side of Bethel, on the east side of the highway that goeth up from Bethel to Shechem, and on the south of Lebonah.
Ruth 1:4	And they took them wives of the women of Moab; the name of the one was Orpah, and the name of the other Ruth: and they dwelled there about ten years.
Ruth 1:14	And they lifted up their voice, and wept again: and Orpah kissed her mother in law; but Ruth clave unto her.
Ruth 2:2	And Ruth the Moabitess said unto Naomi, Let me now go to the field, and glean ears of corn after him in whose sight I shall find grace. And she said unto her, Go, my daughter.
Ruth 2:12	The LORD recompense thy work, and a full reward be given thee of the LORD God of Israel, under whose wings thou art come to trust.
Ruth 2:22	And Naomi said unto Ruth her daughter in law, It is good, my daughter, that thou go out with his maidens, that they meet thee not in any other field.
Ruth 3:9	And he said, Who art thou? And she answered, I am Ruth thine handmaid: spread therefore thy skirt over thine handmaid; for thou art a near kinsman.
Ruth 4:1	Then went Boaz up to the gate, and sat him down there: and, behold, the kinsman of whom Boaz spake came by; unto whom he said, Ho, such a one! turn aside, sit down here. And he turned aside, and sat down.
Ruth 4:11	And all the people that were in the gate, and the elders, said, We are witnesses. The LORD make the woman that is come into thine house like Rachel and like Leah, which two did build the house of Israel: and do thou worthily in Ephratah, and be famous in Bethlehem:
Ruth 4:21	And Salmon begat Boaz, and Boaz begat Obed,
1 Samuel 1:9	So Hannah rose up after they had eaten in Shiloh, and after they had drunk. Now Eli the priest sat upon a seat by a post of the temple of the LORD.
1 Samuel 1:19	And they rose up in the morning early, and worshipped before the LORD, and returned, and came to their house to Ramah: and Elkanah knew Hannah his wife; and the LORD remembered her.
1 Samuel 2:1	And Hannah prayed, and said, My heart rejoiceth in the LORD, mine horn is exalted in the LORD: my mouth is enlarged over mine enemies; because I rejoice in thy salvation.
1 Samuel 2:11	And Elkanah went to Ramah to his house. And the child did minister unto the LORD before Eli the priest.
1 Samuel 2:21	And the LORD visited Hannah, so that she conceived, and bare three sons and two daughters. And the child Samuel grew before the LORD.
1 Samuel 2:31	Behold, the days come, that I will cut off thine arm, and the arm of thy father's house, that there shall not be an old man in thine house.
1 Samuel 3:5	And he ran unto Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou calledst me. And he said, I called not; lie down again. And he went and lay down.
1 Samuel 3:15	And Samuel lay until the morning, and opened the doors of the house of the LORD. And Samuel feared to show Eli the vision.
1 Samuel 4:4	So the people sent to Shiloh, that they might bring from thence the ark of the covenant of the LORD of hosts, which dwelleth between the cherubim: and the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, were there with the ark of the covenant of God.
1 Samuel 4:14	And when Eli heard the noise of the crying, he said, What meaneth the noise of this tumult? And the man came in hastily, and told Eli.
1 Samuel 5:2	When the Philistines took the ark of God, they brought it into the house of Dagon, and set it by Dagon.
1 Samuel 5:12	And the men that died not were smitten with the emerods: and the cry of the city went up to heaven.
1 Samuel 6:10	And the men did so; and took two milch kine, and tied them to the cart, and shut up their calves at home:
1 Samuel 6:20	And the men of Bethshemesh said, Who is able to stand before this holy LORD God? and to whom shall he go up from us?
1 Samuel 7:9	And Samuel took a sucking lamb, and offered it for a burnt offering wholly unto the LORD: and Samuel cried unto the LORD for Israel; and the LORD heard him.
1 Samuel 8:2	Now the name of his firstborn was Joel; and the name of his second, Abiah: they were judges in Beersheba.
1 Samuel 8:12	And he will appoint him captains over thousands, and captains over fifties; and will set them to ear his ground, and to reap his harvest, and to make his instruments of war, and instruments of his chariots.
1 Samuel 8:22	And the LORD said to Samuel, Hearken unto their voice, and make them a king. And Samuel said unto the men of Israel, Go ye every man unto his city.
1 Samuel 9:10	Then said Saul to his servant, Well said; come, let us go. So they went unto the city where the man of God was.
1 Samuel 9:20	And as for thine asses that were lost three days ago, set not thy mind on them; for they are found. And on whom is all the desire of Israel? Is it not on thee, and on all thy father's house?
1 Samuel 10:3	Then shalt thou go on forward from thence, and thou shalt come to the plain of Tabor, and there shall meet thee three men going up to God to Bethel, one carrying three kids, and another carrying three loaves of bread, and another carrying a bottle of wine:
1 Samuel 10:13	And when he had made an end of prophesying, he came to the high place.
1 Samuel 10:23	And they ran and fetched him thence: and when he stood among the people, he was higher than any of the people from his shoulders and upward.
1 Samuel 11:6	And the Spirit of God came upon Saul when he heard those tidings, and his anger was kindled greatly.
1 Samuel 12:1	And Samuel said unto all Israel, Behold, I have hearkened unto your voice in all that ye said unto me, and have made a king over you.
1 Samuel 12:11	And the LORD sent Jerubbaal, and Bedan, and Jephthah, and Samuel, and delivered you out of the hand of your enemies on every side, and ye dwelled safe.
1 Samuel 12:21	And turn ye not aside: for then should ye go after vain things, which cannot profit nor deliver; for they are vain.
1 Samuel 13:6	When the men of Israel saw that they were in a strait, (for the people were distressed,) then the people did hide themselves in caves, and in thickets, and in rocks, and in high places, and in pits.
1 Samuel 13:16	And Saul, and Jonathan his son, and the people that were present with them, abode in Gibeah of Benjamin: but the Philistines encamped in Michmash.
1 Samuel 14:3	And Ahiah, the son of Ahitub, Ichabod's brother, the son of Phinehas, the son of Eli, the LORD's priest in Shiloh, wearing an ephod. And the people knew not that Jonathan was gone.
1 Samuel 14:13	And Jonathan climbed up upon his hands and upon his feet, and his armourbearer after him: and they fell before Jonathan; and his armourbearer slew after him.
1 Samuel 14:23	So the LORD saved Israel that day: and the battle passed over unto Bethaven.
1 Samuel 14:33	Then they told Saul, saying, Behold, the people sin against the LORD, in that they eat with the blood. And he said, Ye have transgressed: roll a great stone unto me this day.
1 Samuel 14:43	Then Saul said to Jonathan, Tell me what thou hast done. And Jonathan told him, and said, I did but taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in mine hand, and, lo, I must die.
1 Samuel 15:1	Samuel also said unto Saul, The LORD sent me to anoint thee to be king over his people, over Israel: now therefore hearken thou unto the voice of the words of the LORD.
1 Samuel 15:11	It repenteth me that I have set up Saul to be king: for he is turned back from following me, and hath not performed my commandments. And it grieved Samuel; and he cried unto the LORD all night.
1 Samuel 15:21	But the people took of the spoil, sheep and oxen, the chief of the things which should have been utterly destroyed, to sacrifice unto the LORD thy God in Gilgal.
1 Samuel 15:31	So Samuel turned again after Saul; and Saul worshipped the LORD.
1 Samuel 16:6	And it came to pass, when they were come, that he looked on Eliab, and said, Surely the LORD's anointed is before him.
1 Samuel 16:16	Let our lord now command thy servants, which are before thee, to seek out a man, who is a cunning player on an harp: and it shall come to pass, when the evil spirit from God is upon thee, that he shall play with his hand, and thou shalt be well.
1 Samuel 17:3	And the Philistines stood on a mountain on the one side, and Israel stood on a mountain on the other side: and there was a valley between them.
1 Samuel 17:13	And the three eldest sons of Jesse went and followed Saul to the battle: and the names of his three sons that went to the battle were Eliab the firstborn, and next unto him Abinadab, and the third Shammah.
1 Samuel 17:23	And as he talked with them, behold, there came up the champion, the Philistine of Gath, Goliath by name, out of the armies of the Philistines, and spake according to the same words: and David heard them.
1 Samuel 17:33	And Saul said to David, Thou art not able to go against this Philistine to fight with him: for thou art but a youth, and he a man of war from his youth.
1 Samuel 17:43	And the Philistine said unto David, Am I a dog, that thou comest to me with staves? And the Philistine cursed David by his gods.
1 Samuel 17:53	And the children of Israel returned from chasing after the Philistines, and they spoiled their tents.
1 Samuel 18:5	And David went out whithersoever Saul sent him, and behaved himself wisely: and Saul set him over the men of war, and he was accepted in the sight of all the people, and also in the sight of Saul's servants.
1 Samuel 18:15	Wherefore when Saul saw that he behaved himself very wisely, he was afraid of him.
1 Samuel 18:25	And Saul said, Thus shall ye say to David, The king desireth not any dowry, but an hundred foreskins of the Philistines, to be avenged of the king's enemies. But Saul thought to make David fall by the hand of the Philistines.
1 Samuel 19:5	For he did put his life in his hand, and slew the Philistine, and the LORD wrought a great salvation for all Israel: thou sawest it, and didst rejoice: wherefore then wilt thou sin against innocent blood, to slay David without a cause?
1 Samuel 19:15	And Saul sent the messengers again to see David, saying, Bring him up to me in the bed, that I may slay him.
1 Samuel 20:1	And David fled from Naioth in Ramah, and came and said before Jonathan, What have I done? what is mine iniquity? and what is my sin before thy father, that he seeketh my life?
1 Samuel 20:11	And Jonathan said unto David, Come, and let us go out into the field. And they went out both of them into the field.
1 Samuel 20:21	And, behold, I will send a lad, saying, Go, find out the arrows. If I expressly say unto the lad, Behold, the arrows are on this side of thee, take them; then come thou: for there is peace to thee, and no hurt; as the LORD liveth.
1 Samuel 20:31	For as long as the son of Jesse liveth upon the ground, thou shalt not be established, nor thy kingdom. Wherefore now send and fetch him unto me, for he shall surely die.
1 Samuel 20:41	And as soon as the lad was gone, David arose out of a place toward the south, and fell on his face to the ground, and bowed himself three times: and they kissed one another, and wept one with another, until David exceeded.
1 Samuel 21:9	And the priest said, The sword of Goliath the Philistine, whom thou slewest in the valley of Elah, behold, it is here wrapped in a cloth behind the ephod: if thou wilt take that, take it: for there is no other save that here. And David said, There is none like that; give it me.
1 Samuel 22:4	And he brought them before the king of Moab: and they dwelt with him all the while that David was in the hold.
1 Samuel 22:14	Then Ahimelech answered the king, and said, And who is so faithful among all thy servants as David, which is the king's son in law, and goeth at thy bidding, and is honorable in thine house?
1 Samuel 23:1	Then they told David, saying, Behold, the Philistines fight against Keilah, and they rob the threshingfloors.
1 Samuel 23:11	Will the men of Keilah deliver me up into his hand? will Saul come down, as thy servant hath heard? O LORD God of Israel, I beseech thee, tell thy servant. And the LORD said, He will come down.
1 Samuel 23:21	And Saul said, Blessed be ye of the LORD; for ye have compassion on me.
1 Samuel 24:2	Then Saul took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went to seek David and his men upon the rocks of the wild goats.
1 Samuel 24:12	The LORD judge between me and thee, and the LORD avenge me of thee: but mine hand shall not be upon thee.
1 Samuel 24:22	And David sware unto Saul. And Saul went home; but David and his men gat them up unto the hold.
1 Samuel 25:10	And Nabal answered David's servants, and said, Who is David? and who is the son of Jesse? there be many servants now a days that break away every man from his master.
1 Samuel 25:20	And it was so, as she rode on the ass, that she came down by the covert on the hill, and, behold, David and his men came down against her; and she met them.
1 Samuel 25:30	And it shall come to pass, when the LORD shall have done to my lord according to all the good that he hath spoken concerning thee, and shall have appointed thee ruler over Israel;
1 Samuel 25:40	And when the servants of David were come to Abigail to Carmel, they spake unto her, saying, David sent us unto thee, to take thee to him to wife.
1 Samuel 26:6	Then answered David and said to Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the son of Zeruiah, brother to Joab, saying, Who will go down with me to Saul to the camp? And Abishai said, I will go down with thee.
1 Samuel 26:16	This thing is not good that thou hast done. As the LORD liveth, ye are worthy to die, because ye have not kept your master, the LORD's anointed. And now see where the king's spear is, and the cruse of water that was at his bolster.
1 Samuel 27:1	And David said in his heart, I shall now perish one day by the hand of Saul: there is nothing better for me than that I should speedily escape into the land of the Philistines; and Saul shall despair of me, to seek me any more in any coast of Israel: so shall I escape out of his hand.
1 Samuel 27:11	And David saved neither man nor woman alive, to bring tidings to Gath, saying, Lest they should tell on us, saying, So did David, and so will be his manner all the while he dwelleth in the country of the Philistines.
1 Samuel 28:9	And the woman said unto him, Behold, thou knowest what Saul hath done, how he hath cut off those that have familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land: wherefore then layest thou a snare for my life, to cause me to die?
1 Samuel 28:19	Moreover the LORD will also deliver Israel with thee into the hand of the Philistines: and to morrow shalt thou and thy sons be with me: the LORD also shall deliver the host of Israel into the hand of the Philistines.
1 Samuel 29:4	And the princes of the Philistines were wroth with him; and the princes of the Philistines said unto him, Make this fellow return, that he may go again to his place which thou hast appointed him, and let him not go down with us to battle, lest in the battle he be an adversary to us: for wherewith should he reconcile himself unto his master? should it not be with the heads of these men?
1 Samuel 30:3	So David and his men came to the city, and, behold, it was burned with fire; and their wives, and their sons, and their daughters, were taken captives.
1 Samuel 30:13	And David said unto him, To whom belongest thou? and whence art thou? And he said, I am a young man of Egypt, servant to an Amalekite; and my master left me, because three days agone I fell sick.
1 Samuel 30:23	Then said David, Ye shall not do so, my brethren, with that which the LORD hath given us, who hath preserved us, and delivered the company that came against us into our hand.
1 Samuel 31:2	And the Philistines followed hard upon Saul and upon his sons; and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Melchishua, Saul's sons.
1 Samuel 31:12	All the valiant men arose, and went all night, and took the body of Saul and the bodies of his sons from the wall of Bethshan, and came to Jabesh, and burnt them there.
2 Samuel 1:9	He said unto me again, Stand, I pray thee, upon me, and slay me: for anguish is come upon me, because my life is yet whole in me.
2 Samuel 1:19	The beauty of Israel is slain upon thy high places: how are the mighty fallen!
2 Samuel 2:2	So David went up thither, and his two wives also, Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, and Abigail Nabal's wife the Carmelite.
2 Samuel 2:12	And Abner the son of Ner, and the servants of Ishbosheth the son of Saul, went out from Mahanaim to Gibeon.
2 Samuel 2:22	And Abner said again to Asahel, Turn thee aside from following me: wherefore should I smite thee to the ground? how then should I hold up my face to Joab thy brother?
2 Samuel 2:32	And they took up Asahel, and buried him in the sepulchre of his father, which was in Bethlehem. And Joab and his men went all night, and they came to Hebron at break of day.
2 Samuel 3:10	To translate the kingdom from the house of Saul, and to set up the throne of David over Israel and over Judah, from Dan even to Beersheba.
2 Samuel 3:20	So Abner came to David to Hebron, and twenty men with him. And David made Abner and the men that were with him a feast.
2 Samuel 3:30	So Joab, and Abishai his brother slew Abner, because he had slain their brother Asahel at Gibeon in the battle.
2 Samuel 4:1	And when Saul's son heard that Abner was dead in Hebron, his hands were feeble, and all the Israelites were troubled.
2 Samuel 4:11	How much more, when wicked men have slain a righteous person in his own house upon his bed? shall I not therefore now require his blood of your hand, and take you away from the earth?
2 Samuel 5:9	So David dwelt in the fort, and called it the city of David. And David built round about from Millo and inward.
2 Samuel 5:19	And David inquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up to the Philistines? wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto David, Go up: for I will doubtless deliver the Philistines into thine hand.
2 Samuel 6:4	And they brought it out of the house of Abinadab which was at Gibeah, accompanying the ark of God: and Ahio went before the ark.
2 Samuel 6:14	And David danced before the LORD with all his might; and David was girded with a linen ephod.
2 Samuel 7:1	And it came to pass, when the king sat in his house, and the LORD had given him rest round about from all his enemies;
2 Samuel 7:11	And as since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel, and have caused thee to rest from all thine enemies. Also the LORD telleth thee that he will make thee an house.
2 Samuel 7:21	For thy word's sake, and according to thine own heart, hast thou done all these great things, to make thy servant know them.
2 Samuel 8:2	And he smote Moab, and measured them with a line, casting them down to the ground; even with two lines measured he to put to death, and with one full line to keep alive. And so the Moabites became David's servants, and brought gifts.
2 Samuel 8:12	Of Syria, and of Moab, and of the children of Ammon, and of the Philistines, and of Amalek, and of the spoil of Hadadezer, son of Rehob, king of Zobah.
2 Samuel 9:4	And the king said unto him, Where is he? And Ziba said unto the king, Behold, he is in the house of Machir, the son of Ammiel, in Lodebar.
2 Samuel 10:1	And it came to pass after this, that the king of the children of Ammon died, and Hanun his son reigned in his stead.
2 Samuel 10:11	And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will come and help thee.
2 Samuel 11:2	And it came to pass in an eveningtide, that David arose from off his bed, and walked upon the roof of the king's house: and from the roof he saw a woman washing herself; and the woman was very beautiful to look upon.
2 Samuel 11:12	And David said to Uriah, Tarry here to day also, and to morrow I will let thee depart. So Uriah abode in Jerusalem that day, and the morrow.
2 Samuel 11:22	So the messenger went, and came and showed David all that Joab had sent him for.
2 Samuel 12:5	And David's anger was greatly kindled against the man; and he said to Nathan, As the LORD liveth, the man that hath done this thing shall surely die:
2 Samuel 12:15	And Nathan departed unto his house. And the LORD struck the child that Uriah's wife bare unto David, and it was very sick.
2 Samuel 12:25	And he sent by the hand of Nathan the prophet; and he called his name Jedidiah, because of the LORD.
2 Samuel 13:4	And he said unto him, Why art thou, being the king's son, lean from day to day? wilt thou not tell me? And Amnon said unto him, I love Tamar, my brother Absalom's sister.
2 Samuel 13:14	Howbeit he would not hearken unto her voice: but, being stronger than she, forced her, and lay with her.
2 Samuel 13:24	And Absalom came to the king, and said, Behold now, thy servant hath sheepshearers; let the king, I beseech thee, and his servants go with thy servant.
2 Samuel 13:34	But Absalom fled. And the young man that kept the watch lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came much people by the way of the hill side behind him.
2 Samuel 14:5	And the king said unto her, What aileth thee? And she answered, I am indeed a widow woman, and mine husband is dead.
2 Samuel 14:15	Now therefore that I am come to speak of this thing unto my lord the king, it is because the people have made me afraid: and thy handmaid said, I will now speak unto the king; it may be that the king will perform the request of his handmaid.
2 Samuel 14:25	But in all Israel there was none to be so much praised as Absalom for his beauty: from the sole of his foot even to the crown of his head there was no blemish in him.
2 Samuel 15:2	And Absalom rose up early, and stood beside the way of the gate: and it was so, that when any man that had a controversy came to the king for judgment, then Absalom called unto him, and said, Of what city art thou? And he said, Thy servant is of one of the tribes of Israel.
2 Samuel 15:12	And Absalom sent for Ahithophel the Gilonite, David's counselor, from his city, even from Giloh, while he offered sacrifices. And the conspiracy was strong; for the people increased continually with Absalom.
2 Samuel 15:22	And David said to Ittai, Go and pass over. And Ittai the Gittite passed over, and all his men, and all the little ones that were with him.
2 Samuel 15:32	And it came to pass, that when David was come to the top of the mount, where he worshipped God, behold, Hushai the Archite came to meet him with his coat rent, and earth upon his head:
2 Samuel 16:5	And when king David came to Bahurim, behold, thence came out a man of the family of the house of Saul, whose name was Shimei, the son of Gera: he came forth, and cursed still as he came.
2 Samuel 16:15	And Absalom, and all the people the men of Israel, came to Jerusalem, and Ahithophel with him.
2 Samuel 17:2	And I will come upon him while he is weary and weak handed, and will make him afraid: and all the people that are with him shall flee; and I will smite the king only:
2 Samuel 17:12	So shall we come upon him in some place where he shall be found, and we will light upon him as the dew falleth on the ground: and of him and of all the men that are with him there shall not be left so much as one.
2 Samuel 17:22	Then David arose, and all the people that were with him, and they passed over Jordan: by the morning light there lacked not one of them that was not gone over Jordan.
2 Samuel 18:3	But the people answered, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but now thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou succor us out of the city.
2 Samuel 18:13	Otherwise I should have wrought falsehood against mine own life: for there is no matter hid from the king, and thou thyself wouldest have set thyself against me.
2 Samuel 18:23	But howsoever, said he, let me run. And he said unto him, Run. Then Ahimaaz ran by the way of the plain, and overran Cushy.
2 Samuel 18:33	And the king was much moved, and went up to the chamber over the gate, and wept: and as he went, thus he said, O my son Absalom, my son, my son Absalom! would God I had died for thee, O Absalom, my son, my son!
2 Samuel 19:10	And Absalom, whom we anointed over us, is dead in battle. Now therefore why speak ye not a word of bringing the king back?
2 Samuel 19:20	For thy servant doth know that I have sinned: therefore, behold, I am come the first this day of all the house of Joseph to go down to meet my lord the king.
2 Samuel 19:30	And Mephibosheth said unto the king, Yea, let him take all, forasmuch as my lord the king is come again in peace unto his own house.
2 Samuel 19:40	Then the king went on to Gilgal, and Chimham went on with him: and all the people of Judah conducted the king, and also half the people of Israel.
2 Samuel 20:7	And there went out after him Joab's men, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, and all the mighty men: and they went out of Jerusalem, to pursue after Sheba the son of Bichri.
2 Samuel 20:17	And when he was come near unto her, the woman said, Art thou Joab? And he answered, I am he. Then she said unto him, Hear the words of thine handmaid. And he answered, I do hear.
2 Samuel 21:1	Then there was a famine in the days of David three years, year after year; and David inquired of the LORD. And the LORD answered, It is for Saul, and for his bloody house, because he slew the Gibeonites.
2 Samuel 21:11	And it was told David what Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, the concubine of Saul, had done.
2 Samuel 21:21	And when he defied Israel, Jonathan the son of Shimeah the brother of David slew him.
2 Samuel 22:9	There went up a smoke out of his nostrils, and fire out of his mouth devoured: coals were kindled by it.
2 Samuel 22:19	They prevented me in the day of my calamity: but the LORD was my stay.
2 Samuel 22:29	For thou art my lamp, O LORD: and the LORD will lighten my darkness.
2 Samuel 22:39	And I have consumed them, and wounded them, that they could not arise: yea, they are fallen under my feet.
2 Samuel 22:49	And that bringeth me forth from mine enemies: thou also hast lifted me up on high above them that rose up against me: thou hast delivered me from the violent man.
2 Samuel 23:8	These be the names of the mighty men whom David had: The Tachmonite that sat in the seat, chief among the captains; the same was Adino the Eznite: he lift up his spear against eight hundred, whom he slew at one time.
2 Samuel 23:18	And Abishai, the brother of Joab, the son of Zeruiah, was chief among three. And he lifted up his spear against three hundred, and slew them, and had the name among three.
2 Samuel 23:28	Zalmon the Ahohite, Maharai the Netophathite,
2 Samuel 23:38	Ira an Ithrite, Gareb an Ithrite,
2 Samuel 24:9	And Joab gave up the sum of the number of the people unto the king: and there were in Israel eight hundred thousand valiant men that drew the sword; and the men of Judah were five hundred thousand men.
2 Samuel 24:19	And David, according to the saying of Gad, went up as the LORD commanded.
1 Kings 1:4	And the damsel was very fair, and cherished the king, and ministered to him: but the king knew her not.
1 Kings 1:14	Behold, while thou yet talkest there with the king, I also will come in after thee, and confirm thy words.
1 Kings 1:24	And Nathan said, My lord, O king, hast thou said, Adonijah shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne?
1 Kings 1:34	And let Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet anoint him there king over Israel: and blow ye with the trumpet, and say, God save king Solomon.
1 Kings 1:44	And the king hath sent with him Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, and they have caused him to ride upon the king's mule:
1 Kings 2:1	Now the days of David drew nigh that he should die; and he charged Solomon his son, saying,
1 Kings 2:11	And the days that David reigned over Israel were forty years: seven years reigned he in Hebron, and thirty and three years reigned he in Jerusalem.
1 Kings 2:21	And she said, Let Abishag the Shunammite be given to Adonijah thy brother to wife.
1 Kings 2:31	And the king said unto him, Do as he hath said, and fall upon him, and bury him; that thou mayest take away the innocent blood, which Joab shed, from me, and from the house of my father.
1 Kings 2:41	And it was told Solomon that Shimei had gone from Jerusalem to Gath, and was come again.
1 Kings 3:5	In Gibeon the LORD appeared to Solomon in a dream by night: and God said, Ask what I shall give thee.
1 Kings 3:15	And Solomon awoke; and, behold, it was a dream. And he came to Jerusalem, and stood before the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and offered up burnt offerings, and offered peace offerings, and made a feast to all his servants.
1 Kings 3:25	And the king said, Divide the living child in two, and give half to the one, and half to the other.
1 Kings 4:7	And Solomon had twelve officers over all Israel, which provided victuals for the king and his household: each man his month in a year made provision.
1 Kings 4:17	Jehoshaphat the son of Paruah, in Issachar:
1 Kings 4:27	And those officers provided victual for king Solomon, and for all that came unto king Solomon's table, every man in his month: they lacked nothing.
1 Kings 5:3	Thou knowest how that David my father could not build an house unto the name of the LORD his God for the wars which were about him on every side, until the LORD put them under the soles of his feet.
1 Kings 5:13	And king Solomon raised a levy out of all Israel; and the levy was thirty thousand men.
1 Kings 6:5	And against the wall of the house he built chambers round about, against the walls of the house round about, both of the temple and of the oracle: and he made chambers round about:
1 Kings 6:15	And he built the walls of the house within with boards of cedar, both the floor of the house, and the walls of the ceiling: and he covered them on the inside with wood, and covered the floor of the house with planks of fir.
1 Kings 6:25	And the other cherub was ten cubits: both the cherubim were of one measure and one size.
1 Kings 6:35	And he carved thereon cherubim and palm trees and open flowers: and covered them with gold fitted upon the carved work.
1 Kings 7:7	Then he made a porch for the throne where he might judge, even the porch of judgment: and it was covered with cedar from one side of the floor to the other.
1 Kings 7:17	And nets of checker work, and wreaths of chain work, for the chapiters which were upon the top of the pillars; seven for the one chapiter, and seven for the other chapiter.
1 Kings 7:27	And he made ten bases of brass; four cubits was the length of one base, and four cubits the breadth thereof, and three cubits the height of it.
1 Kings 7:37	After this manner he made the ten bases: all of them had one casting, one measure, and one size.
1 Kings 7:47	And Solomon left all the vessels unweighed, because they were exceeding many: neither was the weight of the brass found out.
1 Kings 8:6	And the priests brought in the ark of the covenant of the LORD unto his place, into the oracle of the house, to the most holy place, even under the wings of the cherubim.
1 Kings 8:16	Since the day that I brought forth my people Israel out of Egypt, I chose no city out of all the tribes of Israel to build an house, that my name might be therein; but I chose David to be over my people Israel.
1 Kings 8:26	And now, O God of Israel, let thy word, I pray thee, be verified, which thou spakest unto thy servant David my father.
1 Kings 8:36	Then hear thou in heaven, and forgive the sin of thy servants, and of thy people Israel, that thou teach them the good way wherein they should walk, and give rain upon thy land, which thou hast given to thy people for an inheritance.
1 Kings 8:46	If they sin against thee, (for there is no man that sinneth not,) and thou be angry with them, and deliver them to the enemy, so that they carry them away captives unto the land of the enemy, far or near;
1 Kings 8:56	Blessed be the LORD, that hath given rest unto his people Israel, according to all that he promised: there hath not failed one word of all his good promise, which he promised by the hand of Moses his servant.
1 Kings 8:66	On the eighth day he sent the people away: and they blessed the king, and went unto their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that the LORD had done for David his servant, and for Israel his people.
1 Kings 9:10	And it came to pass at the end of twenty years, when Solomon had built the two houses, the house of the LORD, and the king's house,
1 Kings 9:20	And all the people that were left of the Amorites, Hittites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites, which were not of the children of Israel,
1 Kings 10:2	And she came to Jerusalem with a very great train, with camels that bare spices, and very much gold, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart.
1 Kings 10:12	And the king made of the almug trees pillars for the house of the LORD, and for the king's house, harps also and psalteries for singers: there came no such almug trees, nor were seen unto this day.
1 Kings 10:22	For the king had at sea a navy of Tharshish with the navy of Hiram: once in three years came the navy of Tharshish, bringing gold, and silver, ivory, and apes, and peacocks.
1 Kings 11:3	And he had seven hundred wives, princesses, and three hundred concubines: and his wives turned away his heart.
1 Kings 11:13	Howbeit I will not rend away all the kingdom; but will give one tribe to thy son for David my servant's sake, and for Jerusalem's sake which I have chosen.
1 Kings 11:23	And God stirred him up another adversary, Rezon the son of Eliadah, which fled from his lord Hadadezer king of Zobah:
1 Kings 11:33	Because that they have forsaken me, and have worshipped Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians, Chemosh the god of the Moabites, and Milcom the god of the children of Ammon, and have not walked in my ways, to do that which is right in mine eyes, and to keep my statutes and my judgments, as did David his father.
1 Kings 11:43	And Solomon slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 12:10	And the young men that were grown up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus shalt thou speak unto this people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made our yoke heavy, but make thou it lighter unto us; thus shalt thou say unto them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father's loins.
1 Kings 12:20	And it came to pass, when all Israel heard that Jeroboam was come again, that they sent and called him unto the congregation, and made him king over all Israel: there was none that followed the house of David, but the tribe of Judah only.
1 Kings 12:30	And this thing became a sin: for the people went to worship before the one, even unto Dan.
1 Kings 13:7	And the king said unto the man of God, Come home with me, and refresh thyself, and I will give thee a reward.
1 Kings 13:17	For it was said to me by the word of the LORD, Thou shalt eat no bread nor drink water there, nor turn again to go by the way that thou camest.
1 Kings 13:27	And he spake to his sons, saying, Saddle me the ass. And they saddled him.
1 Kings 14:3	And take with thee ten loaves, and cracknels, and a cruse of honey, and go to him: he shall tell thee what shall become of the child.
1 Kings 14:13	And all Israel shall mourn for him, and bury him: for he only of Jeroboam shall come to the grave, because in him there is found some good thing toward the LORD God of Israel in the house of Jeroboam.
1 Kings 14:23	For they also built them high places, and images, and groves, on every high hill, and under every green tree.
1 Kings 15:2	Three years reigned he in Jerusalem. and his mother's name was Maachah, the daughter of Abishalom.
1 Kings 15:12	And he took away the sodomites out of the land, and removed all the idols that his fathers had made.
1 Kings 15:22	Then king Asa made a proclamation throughout all Judah; none was exempted: and they took away the stones of Ramah, and the timber thereof, wherewith Baasha had builded; and king Asa built with them Geba of Benjamin, and Mizpah.
1 Kings 15:32	And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all their days.
1 Kings 16:8	In the twenty and sixth year of Asa king of Judah began Elah the son of Baasha to reign over Israel in Tirzah, two years.
1 Kings 16:18	And it came to pass, when Zimri saw that the city was taken, that he went into the palace of the king's house, and burnt the king's house over him with fire, and died.
1 Kings 16:28	So Omri slept with his fathers, and was buried in Samaria: and Ahab his son reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 17:4	And it shall be, that thou shalt drink of the brook; and I have commanded the ravens to feed thee there.
1 Kings 17:14	For thus saith the LORD God of Israel, The barrel of meal shall not waste, neither shall the cruse of oil fail, until the day that the LORD sendeth rain upon the earth.
1 Kings 17:24	And the woman said to Elijah, Now by this I know that thou art a man of God, and that the word of the LORD in thy mouth is truth.
1 Kings 18:10	As the LORD thy God liveth, there is no nation or kingdom, whither my lord hath not sent to seek thee: and when they said, He is not there; he took an oath of the kingdom and nation, that they found thee not.
1 Kings 18:20	So Ahab sent unto all the children of Israel, and gathered the prophets together unto mount Carmel.
1 Kings 18:30	And Elijah said unto all the people, Come near unto me. And all the people came near unto him. And he repaired the altar of the LORD that was broken down.
1 Kings 18:40	And Elijah said unto them, Take the prophets of Baal; let not one of them escape. And they took them: and Elijah brought them down to the brook Kishon, and slew them there.
1 Kings 19:4	But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper tree: and he requested for himself that he might die; and said, It is enough; now, O LORD, take away my life; for I am not better than my fathers.
1 Kings 19:14	And he said, I have been very jealous for the LORD God of hosts: because the children of Israel have forsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the sword; and I, even I only, am left; and they seek my life, to take it away.
1 Kings 20:3	Thy silver and thy gold is mine; thy wives also and thy children, even the goodliest, are mine.
1 Kings 20:13	And, behold, there came a prophet unto Ahab king of Israel, saying, Thus saith the LORD, Hast thou seen all this great multitude? behold, I will deliver it into thine hand this day; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD.
1 Kings 20:23	And the servants of the king of Syria said unto him, Their gods are gods of the hills; therefore they were stronger than we; but let us fight against them in the plain, and surely we shall be stronger than they.
1 Kings 20:33	Now the men did diligently observe whether any thing would come from him, and did hastily catch it: and they said, Thy brother Benhadad. Then he said, Go ye, bring him. Then Benhadad came forth to him; and he caused him to come up into the chariot.
1 Kings 20:43	And the king of Israel went to his house heavy and displeased, and came to Samaria.
1 Kings 21:10	And set two men, sons of Belial, before him, to bear witness against him, saying, Thou didst blaspheme God and the king. And then carry him out, and stone him, that he may die.
1 Kings 21:20	And Ahab said to Elijah, Hast thou found me, O mine enemy? And he answered, I have found thee: because thou hast sold thyself to work evil in the sight of the LORD.
1 Kings 22:1	And they continued three years without war between Syria and Israel.
1 Kings 22:11	And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah made him horns of iron: and he said, Thus saith the LORD, With these shalt thou push the Syrians, until thou have consumed them.
1 Kings 22:21	And there came forth a spirit, and stood before the LORD, and said, I will persuade him.
1 Kings 22:31	But the king of Syria commanded his thirty and two captains that had rule over his chariots, saying, Fight neither with small nor great, save only with the king of Israel.
1 Kings 22:41	And Jehoshaphat the son of Asa began to reign over Judah in the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel.
1 Kings 22:51	Ahaziah the son of Ahab began to reign over Israel in Samaria the seventeenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah, and reigned two years over Israel.
2 Kings 1:8	And they answered him, He was an hairy man, and girt with a girdle of leather about his loins. And he said, It is Elijah the Tishbite.
2 Kings 1:18	Now the rest of the acts of Ahaziah which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
2 Kings 2:10	And he said, Thou hast asked a hard thing: nevertheless, if thou see me when I am taken from thee, it shall be so unto thee; but if not, it shall not be so.
2 Kings 2:20	And he said, Bring me a new cruse, and put salt therein. And they brought it to him.
2 Kings 3:5	But it came to pass, when Ahab was dead, that the king of Moab rebelled against the king of Israel.
2 Kings 3:15	But now bring me a minstrel. And it came to pass, when the minstrel played, that the hand of the LORD came upon him.
2 Kings 3:25	And they beat down the cities, and on every good piece of land cast every man his stone, and filled it; and they stopped all the wells of water, and felled all the good trees: only in Kirharaseth left they the stones thereof; howbeit the slingers went about it, and smote it.
2 Kings 4:8	And it fell on a day, that Elisha passed to Shunem, where was a great woman; and she constrained him to eat bread. And so it was, that as oft as he passed by, he turned in thither to eat bread.
2 Kings 4:18	And when the child was grown, it fell on a day, that he went out to his father to the reapers.
2 Kings 4:28	Then she said, Did I desire a son of my lord? did I not say, Do not deceive me?
2 Kings 4:38	And Elisha came again to Gilgal: and there was a dearth in the land; and the sons of the prophets were sitting before him: and he said unto his servant, Set on the great pot, and seethe pottage for the sons of the prophets.
2 Kings 5:4	And one went in, and told his lord, saying, Thus and thus said the maid that is of the land of Israel.
2 Kings 5:14	Then went he down, and dipped himself seven times in Jordan, according to the saying of the man of God: and his flesh came again like unto the flesh of a little child, and he was clean.
2 Kings 5:24	And when he came to the tower, he took them from their hand, and bestowed them in the house: and he let the men go, and they departed.
2 Kings 6:7	Therefore said he, Take it up to thee. And he put out his hand, and took it.
2 Kings 6:17	And Elisha prayed, and said, LORD, I pray thee, open his eyes, that he may see. And the LORD opened the eyes of the young man; and he saw: and, behold, the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha.
2 Kings 6:27	And he said, If the LORD do not help thee, whence shall I help thee? out of the barnfloor, or out of the winepress?
2 Kings 7:4	If we say, We will enter into the city, then the famine is in the city, and we shall die there: and if we sit still here, we die also. Now therefore come, and let us fall unto the host of the Syrians: if they save us alive, we shall live; and if they kill us, we shall but die.
2 Kings 7:14	They took therefore two chariot horses; and the king sent after the host of the Syrians, saying, Go and see.
2 Kings 8:4	And the king talked with Gehazi the servant of the man of God, saying, Tell me, I pray thee, all the great things that Elisha hath done.
2 Kings 8:14	So he departed from Elisha, and came to his master; who said to him, What said Elisha to thee? And he answered, He told me that thou shouldest surely recover.
2 Kings 8:24	And Joram slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Ahaziah his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 9:5	And when he came, behold, the captains of the host were sitting; and he said, I have an errand to thee, O captain. And Jehu said, Unto which of all us? And he said, To thee, O captain.
2 Kings 9:15	But king Joram was returned to be healed in Jezreel of the wounds which the Syrians had given him, when he fought with Hazael king of Syria.) And Jehu said, If it be your minds, then let none go forth nor escape out of the city to go to tell it in Jezreel.
2 Kings 9:25	Then said Jehu to Bidkar his captain, Take up, and cast him in the portion of the field of Naboth the Jezreelite: for remember how that, when I and thou rode together after Ahab his father, the LORD laid this burden upon him;
2 Kings 9:35	And they went to bury her: but they found no more of her than the skull, and the feet, and the palms of her hands.
2 Kings 10:8	And there came a messenger, and told him, saying, They have brought the heads of the king's sons. And he said, Lay ye them in two heaps at the entering in of the gate until the morning.
2 Kings 10:18	And Jehu gathered all the people together, and said unto them, Ahab served Baal a little; but Jehu shall serve him much.
2 Kings 10:28	Thus Jehu destroyed Baal out of Israel.
2 Kings 11:2	But Jehosheba, the daughter of king Joram, sister of Ahaziah, took Joash the son of Ahaziah, and stole him from among the king's sons which were slain; and they hid him, even him and his nurse, in the bedchamber from Athaliah, so that he was not slain.
2 Kings 11:12	And he brought forth the king's son, and put the crown upon him, and gave him the testimony; and they made him king, and anointed him; and they clapped their hands, and said, God save the king.
2 Kings 12:1	In the seventh year of Jehu Jehoash began to reign; and forty years reigned he in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Zibiah of Beersheba.
2 Kings 12:11	And they gave the money, being told, into the hands of them that did the work, that had the oversight of the house of the LORD: and they laid it out to the carpenters and builders, that wrought upon the house of the LORD,
2 Kings 12:21	For Jozachar the son of Shimeath, and Jehozabad the son of Shomer, his servants, smote him, and he died; and they buried him with his fathers in the city of David: and Amaziah his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 13:10	In the thirty and seventh year of Joash king of Judah began Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned sixteen years.
2 Kings 13:20	And Elisha died, and they buried him. And the bands of the Moabites invaded the land at the coming in of the year.
2 Kings 14:5	And it came to pass, as soon as the kingdom was confirmed in his hand, that he slew his servants which had slain the king his father.
2 Kings 14:15	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoash which he did, and his might, and how he fought with Amaziah king of Judah, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
2 Kings 14:25	He restored the coast of Israel from the entering of Hamath unto the sea of the plain, according to the word of the LORD God of Israel, which he spake by the hand of his servant Jonah, the son of Amittai, the prophet, which was of Gathhepher.
2 Kings 15:6	And the rest of the acts of Azariah, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 15:16	Then Menahem smote Tiphsah, and all that were therein, and the coasts thereof from Tirzah: because they opened not to him, therefore he smote it; and all the women therein that were with child he ripped up.
2 Kings 15:26	And the rest of the acts of Pekahiah, and all that he did, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
2 Kings 15:36	Now the rest of the acts of Jotham, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 16:8	And Ahaz took the silver and gold that was found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king's house, and sent it for a present to the king of Assyria.
2 Kings 16:18	And the covert for the sabbath that they had built in the house, and the king's entry without, turned he from the house of the LORD for the king of Assyria.
2 Kings 17:8	And walked in the statutes of the heathen, whom the LORD cast out from before the children of Israel, and of the kings of Israel, which they had made.
2 Kings 17:18	Therefore the LORD was very angry with Israel, and removed them out of his sight: there was none left but the tribe of Judah only.
2 Kings 17:28	Then one of the priests whom they had carried away from Samaria came and dwelt in Bethel, and taught them how they should fear the LORD.
2 Kings 17:38	And the covenant that I have made with you ye shall not forget; neither shall ye fear other gods.
2 Kings 18:7	And the LORD was with him; and he prospered whithersoever he went forth: and he rebelled against the king of Assyria, and served him not.
2 Kings 18:17	And the king of Assyria sent Tartan and Rabsaris and Rabshakeh from Lachish to king Hezekiah with a great host against Jerusalem. And they went up and came to Jerusalem. And when they were come up, they came and stood by the conduit of the upper pool, which is in the highway of the fuller's field.
2 Kings 18:27	But Rabshakeh said unto them, Hath my master sent me to thy master, and to thee, to speak these words? hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you?
2 Kings 18:37	Then came Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, which was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph the recorder, to Hezekiah with their clothes rent, and told him the words of Rabshakeh.
2 Kings 19:10	Thus shall ye speak to Hezekiah king of Judah, saying, Let not thy God in whom thou trustest deceive thee, saying, Jerusalem shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria.
2 Kings 19:20	Then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent to Hezekiah, saying, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, That which thou hast prayed to me against Sennacherib king of Assyria I have heard.
2 Kings 19:30	And the remnant that is escaped of the house of Judah shall yet again take root downward, and bear fruit upward.
2 Kings 20:3	I beseech thee, O LORD, remember now how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.
2 Kings 20:13	And Hezekiah hearkened unto them, and showed them all the house of his precious things, the silver, and the gold, and the spices, and the precious ointment, and all the house of his armor, and all that was found in his treasures: there was nothing in his house, nor in all his dominion, that Hezekiah showed them not.
2 Kings 21:2	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, after the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD cast out before the children of Israel.
2 Kings 21:12	Therefore thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Behold, I am bringing such evil upon Jerusalem and Judah, that whosoever heareth of it, both his ears shall tingle.
2 Kings 21:22	And he forsook the LORD God of his fathers, and walked not in the way of the LORD.
2 Kings 22:6	Unto carpenters, and builders, and masons, and to buy timber and hewn stone to repair the house.
2 Kings 22:16	Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, even all the words of the book which the king of Judah hath read:
2 Kings 23:6	And he brought out the grove from the house of the LORD, without Jerusalem, unto the brook Kidron, and burned it at the brook Kidron, and stamped it small to powder, and cast the powder thereof upon the graves of the children of the people.
2 Kings 23:16	And as Josiah turned himself, he spied the sepulchres that were there in the mount, and sent, and took the bones out of the sepulchres, and burned them upon the altar, and polluted it, according to the word of the LORD which the man of God proclaimed, who proclaimed these words.
2 Kings 23:26	Notwithstanding the LORD turned not from the fierceness of his great wrath, wherewith his anger was kindled against Judah, because of all the provocations that Manasseh had provoked him withal.
2 Kings 23:36	Jehoiakim was twenty and five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Zebudah, the daughter of Pedaiah of Rumah.
2 Kings 24:9	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father had done.
2 Kings 24:19	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that Jehoiakim had done.
2 Kings 25:9	And he burnt the house of the LORD, and the king's house, and all the houses of Jerusalem, and every great man's house burnt he with fire.
2 Kings 25:19	And out of the city he took an officer that was set over the men of war, and five men of them that were in the king's presence, which were found in the city, and the principal scribe of the host, which mustered the people of the land, and threescore men of the people of the land that were found in the city:
2 Kings 25:29	And changed his prison garments: and he did eat bread continually before him all the days of his life.
1 Chronicles 1:9	And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabta, and Raamah, and Sabtecha. And the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.
1 Chronicles 1:19	And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of the one was Peleg; because in his days the earth was divided: and his brother's name was Joktan.
1 Chronicles 1:29	These are their generations: The firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth; then Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,
1 Chronicles 1:39	And the sons of Lotan; Hori, and Homam: and Timna was Lotan's sister.
1 Chronicles 1:49	And when Shaul was dead, Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 2:5	The sons of Pharez; Hezron, and Hamul.
1 Chronicles 2:15	Ozem the sixth, David the seventh:
1 Chronicles 2:25	And the sons of Jerahmeel the firstborn of Hezron were, Ram the firstborn, and Bunah, and Oren, and Ozem, and Ahijah.
1 Chronicles 2:35	And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha his servant to wife; and she bare him Attai.
1 Chronicles 2:45	And the son of Shammai was Maon: and Maon was the father of Bethzur.
1 Chronicles 2:55	And the families of the scribes which dwelt at Jabez; the Tirathites, the Shimeathites, and Suchathites. These are the Kenites that came of Hemath, the father of the house of Rechab.
1 Chronicles 3:10	And Solomon's son was Rehoboam, Abia his son, Asa his son, Jehoshaphat his son,
1 Chronicles 3:20	And Hashubah, and Ohel, and Berechiah, and Hasadiah, Jushabhesed, five.
1 Chronicles 4:6	And Naarah bare him Ahuzam, and Hepher, and Temeni, and Haahashtari. These were the sons of Naarah.
1 Chronicles 4:16	And the sons of Jehaleleel; Ziph, and Ziphah, Tiria, and Asareel.
1 Chronicles 4:26	And the sons of Mishma; Hamuel his son, Zacchur his son, Shimei his son.
1 Chronicles 4:36	And Elioenai, and Jaakobah, and Jeshohaiah, and Asaiah, and Adiel, and Jesimiel, and Benaiah,
1 Chronicles 5:3	The sons, I say, of Reuben the firstborn of Israel were, Hanoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi.
1 Chronicles 5:13	And their brethren of the house of their fathers were, Michael, and Meshullam, and Sheba, and Jorai, and Jachan, and Zia, and Heber, seven.
1 Chronicles 5:23	And the children of the half tribe of Manasseh dwelt in the land: they increased from Bashan unto Baalhermon and Senir, and unto mount Hermon.
1 Chronicles 6:7	Meraioth begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,
1 Chronicles 6:17	And these be the names of the sons of Gershom; Libni, and Shimei.
1 Chronicles 6:27	Eliab his son, Jeroham his son, Elkanah his son.
1 Chronicles 6:37	The son of Tahath, the son of Assir, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah,
1 Chronicles 6:47	The son of Mahli, the son of Mushi, the son of Merari, the son of Levi.
1 Chronicles 6:57	And to the sons of Aaron they gave the cities of Judah, namely, Hebron, the city of refuge, and Libnah with her suburbs, and Jattir, and Eshtemoa, with their suburbs,
1 Chronicles 6:67	And they gave unto them, of the cities of refuge, Shechem in mount Ephraim with her suburbs; they gave also Gezer with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 6:77	Unto the rest of the children of Merari were given out of the tribe of Zebulun, Rimmon with her suburbs, Tabor with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 7:6	The sons of Benjamin; Bela, and Becher, and Jediael, three.
1 Chronicles 7:16	And Maachah the wife of Machir bare a son, and she called his name Peresh; and the name of his brother was Sheresh; and his sons were Ulam and Rakem.
1 Chronicles 7:26	Laadan his son, Ammihud his son, Elishama his son.
1 Chronicles 7:36	The sons of Zophah; Suah, and Harnepher, and Shual, and Beri, and Imrah,
1 Chronicles 8:6	And these are the sons of Ehud: these are the heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Geba, and they removed them to Manahath:
1 Chronicles 8:16	And Michael, and Ispah, and Joha, the sons of Beriah;
1 Chronicles 8:26	And Shamsherai, and Shehariah, and Athaliah,
1 Chronicles 8:36	And Ahaz begat Jehoadah; and Jehoadah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza,
1 Chronicles 9:6	And of the sons of Zerah; Jeuel, and their brethren, six hundred and ninety.
1 Chronicles 9:16	And Obadiah the son of Shemaiah, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun, and Berechiah the son of Asa, the son of Elkanah, that dwelt in the villages of the Netophathites.
1 Chronicles 9:26	For these Levites, the four chief porters, were in their set office, and were over the chambers and treasuries of the house of God.
1 Chronicles 9:36	And his firstborn son Abdon, then Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Ner, and Nadab.
1 Chronicles 10:2	And the Philistines followed hard after Saul, and after his sons; and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul.
1 Chronicles 10:12	They arose, all the valiant men, and took away the body of Saul, and the bodies of his sons, and brought them to Jabesh, and buried their bones under the oak in Jabesh, and fasted seven days.
1 Chronicles 11:8	And he built the city round about, even from Millo round about: and Joab repaired the rest of the city.
1 Chronicles 11:18	And the three brake through the host of the Philistines, and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem, that was by the gate, and took it, and brought it to David: but David would not drink of it, but poured it out to the LORD.
1 Chronicles 11:28	Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite, Abiezer the Antothite,
1 Chronicles 11:38	Joel the brother of Nathan, Mibhar the son of Haggeri,
1 Chronicles 12:1	Now these are they that came to David to Ziklag, while he yet kept himself close because of Saul the son of Kish: and they were among the mighty men, helpers of the war.
1 Chronicles 12:11	Attai the sixth, Eliel the seventh,
1 Chronicles 12:21	And they helped David against the band of the rovers: for they were all mighty men of valor, and were captains in the host.
1 Chronicles 12:31	And of the half tribe of Manasseh eighteen thousand, which were expressed by name, to come and make David king.
1 Chronicles 13:1	And David consulted with the captains of thousands and hundreds, and with every leader.
1 Chronicles 13:11	And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzza: wherefore that place is called Perezuzza to this day.
1 Chronicles 14:7	And Elishama, and Beeliada, and Eliphalet.
1 Chronicles 14:17	And the fame of David went out into all lands; and the LORD brought the fear of him upon all nations.
1 Chronicles 15:10	Of the sons of Uzziel; Amminadab the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twelve.
1 Chronicles 15:20	And Zechariah, and Aziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, and Eliab, and Maaseiah, and Benaiah, with psalteries on Alamoth;
1 Chronicles 16:1	So they brought the ark of God, and set it in the midst of the tent that David had pitched for it: and they offered burnt sacrifices and peace offerings before God.
1 Chronicles 16:11	Seek the LORD and his strength, seek his face continually.
1 Chronicles 16:21	He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes,
1 Chronicles 16:31	Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice: and let men say among the nations, The LORD reigneth.
1 Chronicles 16:41	And with them Heman and Jeduthun, and the rest that were chosen, who were expressed by name, to give thanks to the LORD, because his mercy endureth for ever;
1 Chronicles 17:8	And I have been with thee whithersoever thou hast walked, and have cut off all thine enemies from before thee, and have made thee a name like the name of the great men that are in the earth.
1 Chronicles 17:18	What can David speak more to thee for the honor of thy servant? for thou knowest thy servant.
1 Chronicles 18:1	Now after this it came to pass, that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them, and took Gath and her towns out of the hand of the Philistines.
1 Chronicles 18:11	Them also king David dedicated unto the LORD, with the silver and the gold that he brought from all these nations; from Edom, and from Moab, and from the children of Ammon, and from the Philistines, and from Amalek.
1 Chronicles 19:4	Wherefore Hanun took David's servants, and shaved them, and cut off their garments in the midst hard by their buttocks, and sent them away.
1 Chronicles 19:14	So Joab and the people that were with him drew nigh before the Syrians unto the battle; and they fled before him.
1 Chronicles 20:5	And there was war again with the Philistines; and Elhanan the son of Jair slew Lahmi the brother of Goliath the Gittite, whose spear staff was like a weaver's beam.
1 Chronicles 21:7	And God was displeased with this thing; therefore he smote Israel.
1 Chronicles 21:17	And David said unto God, Is it not I that commanded the people to be numbered? even I it is that have sinned and done evil indeed; but as for these sheep, what have they done? let thine hand, I pray thee, O LORD my God, be on me, and on my father's house; but not on thy people, that they should be plagued.
1 Chronicles 21:27	And the LORD commanded the angel; and he put up his sword again into the sheath thereof.
1 Chronicles 22:7	And David said to Solomon, My son, as for me, it was in my mind to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God:
1 Chronicles 22:17	David also commanded all the princes of Israel to help Solomon his son, saying,
1 Chronicles 23:8	The sons of Laadan; the chief was Jehiel, and Zetham, and Joel, three.
1 Chronicles 23:18	Of the sons of Izhar; Shelomith the chief.
1 Chronicles 23:28	Because their office was to wait on the sons of Aaron for the service of the house of the LORD, in the courts, and in the chambers, and in the purifying of all holy things, and the work of the service of the house of God;
1 Chronicles 24:6	And Shemaiah the son of Nethaneel the scribe, one of the Levites, wrote them before the king, and the princes, and Zadok the priest, and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar, and before the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites: one principal household being taken for Eleazar, and one taken for Ithamar.
1 Chronicles 24:16	The nineteenth to Pethahiah, the twentieth to Jehezekel,
1 Chronicles 24:26	The sons of Merari were Mahli and Mushi: the sons of Jaaziah; Beno.
1 Chronicles 25:5	All these were the sons of Heman the king's seer in the words of God, to lift up the horn. And God gave to Heman fourteen sons and three daughters.
1 Chronicles 25:15	The eighth to Jeshaiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 25:25	The eighteenth to Hanani, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 26:4	Moreover the sons of Obededom were, Shemaiah the firstborn, Jehozabad the second, Joah the third, and Sacar the fourth, and Nethaneel the fifth.
1 Chronicles 26:14	And the lot eastward fell to Shelemiah. Then for Zechariah his son, a wise counselor, they cast lots; and his lot came out northward.
1 Chronicles 26:24	And Shebuel the son of Gershom, the son of Moses, was ruler of the treasures.
1 Chronicles 27:2	Over the first course for the first month was Jashobeam the son of Zabdiel: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 27:12	The ninth captain for the ninth month was Abiezer the Anetothite, of the Benjamites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 27:22	Of Dan, Azareel the son of Jeroham. These were the princes of the tribes of Israel.
1 Chronicles 27:32	Also Jonathan David's uncle was a counselor, a wise man, and a scribe: and Jehiel the son of Hachmoni was with the king's sons:
1 Chronicles 28:8	Now therefore in the sight of all Israel the congregation of the LORD, and in the audience of our God, keep and seek for all the commandments of the LORD your God: that ye may possess this good land, and leave it for an inheritance for your children after you for ever.
1 Chronicles 28:18	And for the altar of incense refined gold by weight; and gold for the pattern of the chariot of the cherubim, that spread out their wings, and covered the ark of the covenant of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 29:7	And gave for the service of the house of God of gold five thousand talents and ten thousand drams, and of silver ten thousand talents, and of brass eighteen thousand talents, and one hundred thousand talents of iron.
1 Chronicles 29:17	I know also, my God, that thou triest the heart, and hast pleasure in uprightness. As for me, in the uprightness of mine heart I have willingly offered all these things: and now have I seen with joy thy people, which are present here, to offer willingly unto thee.
1 Chronicles 29:27	And the time that he reigned over Israel was forty years; seven years reigned he in Hebron, and thirty and three years reigned he in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 1:7	In that night did God appear unto Solomon, and said unto him, Ask what I shall give thee.
2 Chronicles 1:17	And they fetched up, and brought forth out of Egypt a chariot for six hundred shekels of silver, and an horse for an hundred and fifty: and so brought they out horses for all the kings of the Hittites, and for the kings of Syria, by their means.
2 Chronicles 2:10	And, behold, I will give to thy servants, the hewers that cut timber, twenty thousand measures of beaten wheat, and twenty thousand measures of barley, and twenty thousand baths of wine, and twenty thousand baths of oil.
2 Chronicles 3:2	And he began to build in the second day of the second month, in the fourth year of his reign.
2 Chronicles 3:12	And one wing of the other cherub was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was five cubits also, joining to the wing of the other cherub.
2 Chronicles 4:5	And the thickness of it was an handbreadth, and the brim of it like the work of the brim of a cup, with flowers of lilies; and it received and held three thousand baths.
2 Chronicles 4:15	One sea, and twelve oxen under it.
2 Chronicles 5:3	Wherefore all the men of Israel assembled themselves unto the king in the feast which was in the seventh month.
2 Chronicles 5:13	It came even to pass, as the trumpeters and singers were as one, to make one sound to be heard in praising and thanking the LORD; and when they lifted up their voice with the trumpets and cymbals and instruments of music, and praised the LORD, saying, For he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever: that then the house was filled with a cloud, even the house of the LORD;
2 Chronicles 6:9	Notwithstanding thou shalt not build the house; but thy son which shall come forth out of thy loins, he shall build the house for my name.
2 Chronicles 6:19	Have respect therefore to the prayer of thy servant, and to his supplication, O LORD my God, to hearken unto the cry and the prayer which thy servant prayeth before thee:
2 Chronicles 6:29	Then what prayer or what supplication soever shall be made of any man, or of all thy people Israel, when every one shall know his own sore and his own grief, and shall spread forth his hands in this house:
2 Chronicles 6:39	Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling place, their prayer and their supplications, and maintain their cause, and forgive thy people which have sinned against thee.
2 Chronicles 7:7	Moreover Solomon hallowed the middle of the court that was before the house of the LORD: for there he offered burnt offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings, because the brazen altar which Solomon had made was not able to receive the burnt offerings, and the meat offerings, and the fat.
2 Chronicles 7:17	And as for thee, if thou wilt walk before me, as David thy father walked, and do according to all that I have commanded thee, and shalt observe my statutes and my judgments;
2 Chronicles 8:5	Also he built Bethhoron the upper, and Bethhoron the nether, fenced cities, with walls, gates, and bars;
2 Chronicles 8:15	And they departed not from the commandment of the king unto the priests and Levites concerning any matter, or concerning the treasures.
2 Chronicles 9:7	Happy are thy men, and happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and hear thy wisdom.
2 Chronicles 9:17	Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with pure gold.
2 Chronicles 9:27	And the king made silver in Jerusalem as stones, and cedar trees made he as the sycamore trees that are in the low plains in abundance.
2 Chronicles 10:6	And king Rehoboam took counsel with the old men that had stood before Solomon his father while he yet lived, saying, What counsel give ye me to return answer to this people?
2 Chronicles 10:16	And when all Israel saw that the king would not hearken unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? and we have none inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to your tents, O Israel: and now, David, see to thine own house. So all Israel went to their tents.
2 Chronicles 11:7	And Bethzur, and Shoco, and Adullam,
2 Chronicles 11:17	So they strengthened the kingdom of Judah, and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon strong, three years: for three years they walked in the way of David and Solomon.
2 Chronicles 12:4	And he took the fenced cities which pertained to Judah, and came to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 12:14	And he did evil, because he prepared not his heart to seek the LORD.
2 Chronicles 13:8	And now ye think to withstand the kingdom of the LORD in the hand of the sons of David; and ye be a great multitude, and there are with your golden calves, which Jeroboam made you for gods.
2 Chronicles 13:18	Thus the children of Israel were brought under at that time, and the children of Judah prevailed, because they relied upon the LORD God of their fathers.
2 Chronicles 14:6	And he built fenced cities in Judah: for the land had rest, and he had no war in those years; because the LORD had given him rest.
2 Chronicles 15:1	And the Spirit of God came upon Azariah the son of Oded:
2 Chronicles 15:11	And they offered unto the LORD the same time, of the spoil which they had brought, seven hundred oxen and seven thousand sheep.
2 Chronicles 16:2	Then Asa brought out silver and gold out of the treasures of the house of the LORD and of the king's house, and sent to Benhadad king of Syria, that dwelt at Damascus, saying,
2 Chronicles 16:12	And Asa in the thirty and ninth year of his reign was diseased in his feet, until his disease was exceeding great: yet in his disease he sought not to the LORD, but to the physicians.
2 Chronicles 17:8	And with them he sent Levites, even Shemaiah, and Nethaniah, and Zebadiah, and Asahel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehonathan, and Adonijah, and Tobijah, and Tobadonijah, Levites; and with them Elishama and Jehoram, priests.
2 Chronicles 17:18	And next him was Jehozabad, and with him an hundred and fourscore thousand ready prepared for the war.
2 Chronicles 18:9	And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat king of Judah sat either of them on his throne, clothed in their robes, and they sat in a void place at the entering in of the gate of Samaria; and all the prophets prophesied before them.
2 Chronicles 18:19	And the LORD said, Who shall entice Ahab king of Israel, that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead? And one spake saying after this manner, and another saying after that manner.
2 Chronicles 18:29	And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, I will disguise myself, and I will go to the battle; but put thou on thy robes. So the king of Israel disguised himself; and they went to the battle.
2 Chronicles 19:5	And he set judges in the land throughout all the fenced cities of Judah, city by city,
2 Chronicles 20:4	And Judah gathered themselves together, to ask help of the LORD: even out of all the cities of Judah they came to seek the LORD.
2 Chronicles 20:14	Then upon Jahaziel the son of Zechariah, the son of Benaiah, the son of Jeiel, the son of Mattaniah, a Levite of the sons of Asaph, came the Spirit of the LORD in the midst of the congregation;
2 Chronicles 20:24	And when Judah came toward the watch tower in the wilderness, they looked unto the multitude, and, behold, they were dead bodies fallen to the earth, and none escaped.
2 Chronicles 20:34	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of Jehu the son of Hanani, who is mentioned in the book of the kings of Israel.
2 Chronicles 21:7	Howbeit the LORD would not destroy the house of David, because of the covenant that he had made with David, and as he promised to give a light to him and to his sons for ever.
2 Chronicles 21:17	And they came up into Judah, and brake into it, and carried away all the substance that was found in the king's house, and his sons also, and his wives; so that there was never a son left him, save Jehoahaz, the youngest of his sons.
2 Chronicles 22:7	And the destruction of Ahaziah was of God by coming to Joram: for when he was come, he went out with Jehoram against Jehu the son of Nimshi, whom the LORD had anointed to cut off the house of Ahab.
2 Chronicles 23:5	And a third part shall be at the king's house; and a third part at the gate of the foundation: and all the people shall be in the courts of the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 23:15	So they laid hands on her; and when she was come to the entering of the horse gate by the king's house, they slew her there.
2 Chronicles 24:4	And it came to pass after this, that Joash was minded to repair the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 24:14	And when they had finished it, they brought the rest of the money before the king and Jehoiada, whereof were made vessels for the house of the LORD, even vessels to minister, and to offer withal, and spoons, and vessels of gold and silver. And they offered burnt offerings in the house of the LORD continually all the days of Jehoiada.
2 Chronicles 24:24	For the army of the Syrians came with a small company of men, and the LORD delivered a very great host into their hand, because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers. So they executed judgment against Joash.
2 Chronicles 25:7	But there came a man of God to him, saying, O king, let not the army of Israel go with thee; for the LORD is not with Israel, to wit, with all the children of Ephraim.
2 Chronicles 25:17	Then Amaziah king of Judah took advice, and sent to Joash, the son of Jehoahaz, the son of Jehu, king of Israel, saying, Come, let us see one another in the face.
2 Chronicles 25:27	Now after the time that Amaziah did turn away from following the LORD they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem; and he fled to Lachish: but they sent to Lachish after him, and slew him there.
2 Chronicles 26:9	Moreover Uzziah built towers in Jerusalem at the corner gate, and at the valley gate, and at the turning of the wall, and fortified them.
2 Chronicles 26:19	Then Uzziah was wroth, and had a censer in his hand to burn incense: and while he was wroth with the priests, the leprosy even rose up in his forehead before the priests in the house of the LORD, from beside the incense altar.
2 Chronicles 27:6	So Jotham became mighty, because he prepared his ways before the LORD his God.
2 Chronicles 28:7	And Zichri, a mighty man of Ephraim, slew Maaseiah the king's son, and Azrikam the governor of the house, and Elkanah that was next to the king.
2 Chronicles 28:17	For again the Edomites had come and smitten Judah, and carried away captives.
2 Chronicles 28:27	And Ahaz slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city, even in Jerusalem: but they brought him not into the sepulchres of the kings of Israel: and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 29:10	Now it is in mine heart to make a covenant with the LORD God of Israel, that his fierce wrath may turn away from us.
2 Chronicles 29:20	Then Hezekiah the king rose early, and gathered the rulers of the city, and went up to the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 29:30	Moreover Hezekiah the king and the princes commanded the Levites to sing praise unto the LORD with the words of David, and of Asaph the seer. And they sang praises with gladness, and they bowed their heads and worshipped.
2 Chronicles 30:4	And the thing pleased the king and all the congregation.
2 Chronicles 30:14	And they arose and took away the altars that were in Jerusalem, and all the altars for incense took they away, and cast them into the brook Kidron.
2 Chronicles 30:24	For Hezekiah king of Judah did give to the congregation a thousand bullocks and seven thousand sheep; and the princes gave to the congregation a thousand bullocks and ten thousand sheep: and a great number of priests sanctified themselves.
2 Chronicles 31:7	In the third month they began to lay the foundation of the heaps, and finished them in the seventh month.
2 Chronicles 31:17	Both to the genealogy of the priests by the house of their fathers, and the Levites from twenty years old and upward, in their charges by their courses;
2 Chronicles 32:6	And he set captains of war over the people, and gathered them together to him in the street of the gate of the city, and spake comfortably to them, saying,
2 Chronicles 32:16	And his servants spake yet more against the LORD God, and against his servant Hezekiah.
2 Chronicles 32:26	Notwithstanding Hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart, both he and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, so that the wrath of the LORD came not upon them in the days of Hezekiah.
2 Chronicles 33:3	For he built again the high places which Hezekiah his father had broken down, and he reared up altars for Baalim, and made groves, and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served them.
2 Chronicles 33:13	And prayed unto him: and he was intreated of him, and heard his supplication, and brought him again to Jerusalem into his kingdom. Then Manasseh knew that the LORD he was God.
2 Chronicles 33:23	And humbled not himself before the LORD, as Manasseh his father had humbled himself; but Amon trespassed more and more.
2 Chronicles 34:8	Now in the eighteenth year of his reign, when he had purged the land, and the house, he sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, and Maaseiah the governor of the city, and Joah the son of Joahaz the recorder, to repair the house of the LORD his God.
2 Chronicles 34:18	Then Shaphan the scribe told the king, saying, Hilkiah the priest hath given me a book. And Shaphan read it before the king.
2 Chronicles 34:28	Behold, I will gather thee to thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered to thy grave in peace, neither shall thine eyes see all the evil that I will bring upon this place, and upon the inhabitants of the same. So they brought the king word again.
2 Chronicles 35:5	And stand in the holy place according to the divisions of the families of the fathers of your brethren the people, and after the division of the families of the Levites.
2 Chronicles 35:15	And the singers the sons of Asaph were in their place, according to the commandment of David, and Asaph, and Heman, and Jeduthun the king's seer; and the porters waited at every gate; they might not depart from their service; for their brethren the Levites prepared for them.
2 Chronicles 35:25	And Jeremiah lamented for Josiah: and all the singing men and the singing women spake of Josiah in their lamentations to this day, and made them an ordinance in Israel: and, behold, they are written in the lamentations.
2 Chronicles 36:8	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations which he did, and that which was found in him, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 36:18	And all the vessels of the house of God, great and small, and the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king, and of his princes; all these he brought to Babylon.
Ezra 1:5	Then rose up the chief of the fathers of Judah and Benjamin, and the priests, and the Levites, with all them whose spirit God had raised, to go up to build the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem.
Ezra 2:4	The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.
Ezra 2:14	The children of Bigvai, two thousand fifty and six.
Ezra 2:24	The children of Azmaveth, forty and two.
Ezra 2:34	The children of Jericho, three hundred forty and five.
Ezra 2:44	The children of Keros, the children of Siaha, the children of Padon,
Ezra 2:54	The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha.
Ezra 2:64	The whole congregation together was forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore,
Ezra 3:4	They kept also the feast of tabernacles, as it is written, and offered the daily burnt offerings by number, according to the custom, as the duty of every day required;
Ezra 4:1	Now when the adversaries of Judah and Benjamin heard that the children of the captivity builded the temple unto the LORD God of Israel;
Ezra 4:11	This is the copy of the letter that they sent unto him, even unto Artaxerxes the king; Thy servants the men on this side the river, and at such a time.
Ezra 4:21	Give ye now commandment to cause these men to cease, and that this city be not builded, until another commandment shall be given from me.
Ezra 5:7	They sent a letter unto him, wherein was written thus; Unto Darius the king, all peace.
Ezra 5:17	Now therefore, if it seem good to the king, let there be search made in the king's treasure house, which is there at Babylon, whether it be so, that a decree was made of Cyrus the king to build this house of God at Jerusalem, and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter.
Ezra 6:10	That they may offer sacrifices of sweet savours unto the God of heaven, and pray for the life of the king, and of his sons.
Ezra 6:20	For the priests and the Levites were purified together, all of them were pure, and killed the passover for all the children of the captivity, and for their brethren the priests, and for themselves.
Ezra 7:8	And he came to Jerusalem in the fifth month, which was in the seventh year of the king.
Ezra 7:18	And whatsoever shall seem good to thee, and to thy brethren, to do with the rest of the silver and the gold, that do after the will of your God.
Ezra 7:28	And hath extended mercy unto me before the king, and his counsellors, and before all the king's mighty princes. And I was strengthened as the hand of the LORD my God was upon me, and I gathered together out of Israel chief men to go up with me.
Ezra 8:10	And of the sons of Shelomith; the son of Josiphiah, and with him an hundred and threescore males.
Ezra 8:20	Also of the Nethinims, whom David and the princes had appointed for the service of the Levites, two hundred and twenty Nethinims: all of them were expressed by name.
Ezra 8:30	So took the priests and the Levites the weight of the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, to bring them to Jerusalem unto the house of our God.
Ezra 9:4	Then were assembled unto me every one that trembled at the words of the God of Israel, because of the transgression of those that had been carried away; and I sat astonied until the evening sacrifice.
Ezra 9:14	Should we again break thy commandments, and join in affinity with the people of these abominations? wouldest not thou be angry with us till thou hadst consumed us, so that there should be no remnant nor escaping?
Ezra 10:9	Then all the men of Judah and Benjamin gathered themselves together unto Jerusalem within three days. It was the ninth month, on the twentieth day of the month; and all the people sat in the street of the house of God, trembling because of this matter, and for the great rain.
Ezra 10:19	And they gave their hands that they would put away their wives; and being guilty, they offered a ram of the flock for their trespass.
Ezra 10:29	And of the sons of Bani; Meshullam, Malluch, and Adaiah, Jashub, and Sheal, and Ramoth.
Ezra 10:39	And Shelemiah, and Nathan, and Adaiah,
Nehemiah 1:5	And said, I beseech thee, O LORD God of heaven, the great and terrible God, that keepeth covenant and mercy for them that love him and observe his commandments:
Nehemiah 2:4	Then the king said unto me, For what dost thou make request? So I prayed to the God of heaven.
Nehemiah 2:14	Then I went on to the gate of the fountain, and to the king's pool: but there was no place for the beast that was under me to pass.
Nehemiah 3:4	And next unto them repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah, the son of Koz. And next unto them repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah, the son of Meshezabeel. And next unto them repaired Zadok the son of Baana.
Nehemiah 3:14	But the dung gate repaired Malchiah the son of Rechab, the ruler of part of Bethhaccerem; he built it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.
Nehemiah 3:24	After him repaired Binnui the son of Henadad another piece, from the house of Azariah unto the turning of the wall, even unto the corner.
Nehemiah 4:2	And he spake before his brethren and the army of Samaria, and said, What do these feeble Jews? will they fortify themselves? will they sacrifice? will they make an end in a day? will they revive the stones out of the heaps of the rubbish which are burned?
Nehemiah 4:12	And it came to pass, that when the Jews which dwelt by them came, they said unto us ten times, From all places whence ye shall return unto us they will be upon you.
Nehemiah 4:22	Likewise at the same time said I unto the people, Let every one with his servant lodge within Jerusalem, that in the night they may be a guard to us, and labour on the day.
Nehemiah 5:9	Also I said, It is not good that ye do: ought ye not to walk in the fear of our God because of the reproach of the heathen our enemies?
Nehemiah 5:19	Think upon me, my God, for good, according to all that I have done for this people.
Nehemiah 6:10	Afterward I came unto the house of Shemaiah the son of Delaiah the son of Mehetabeel, who was shut up; and he said, Let us meet together in the house of God, within the temple, and let us shut the doors of the temple: for they will come to slay thee; yea, in the night will they come to slay thee.
Nehemiah 7:1	Now it came to pass, when the wall was built, and I had set up the doors, and the porters and the singers and the Levites were appointed,
Nehemiah 7:11	The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand and eight hundred and eighteen.
Nehemiah 7:21	The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight.
Nehemiah 7:31	The men of Michmas, an hundred and twenty and two.
Nehemiah 7:41	The children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven.
Nehemiah 7:51	The children of Gazzam, the children of Uzza, the children of Phaseah,
Nehemiah 7:61	And these were they which went up also from Telmelah, Telharesha, Cherub, Addon, and Immer: but they could not shew their father's house, nor their seed, whether they were of Israel.
Nehemiah 7:71	And some of the chief of the fathers gave to the treasure of the work twenty thousand drams of gold, and two thousand and two hundred pound of silver.
Nehemiah 8:8	So they read in the book in the law of God distinctly, and gave the sense, and caused them to understand the reading.
Nehemiah 8:18	Also day by day, from the first day unto the last day, he read in the book of the law of God. And they kept the feast seven days; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly, according unto the manner.
Nehemiah 9:10	And shewedst signs and wonders upon Pharaoh, and on all his servants, and on all the people of his land: for thou knewest that they dealt proudly against them. So didst thou get thee a name, as it is this day.
Nehemiah 9:20	Thou gavest also thy good spirit to instruct them, and withheldest not thy manna from their mouth, and gavest them water for their thirst.
Nehemiah 9:30	Yet many years didst thou forbear them, and testifiedst against them by thy spirit in thy prophets: yet would they not give ear: therefore gavest thou them into the hand of the people of the lands.
Nehemiah 10:2	Seraiah, Azariah, Jeremiah,
Nehemiah 10:12	Zaccur, Sherebiah, Shebaniah,
Nehemiah 10:22	Pelatiah, Hanan, Anaiah,
Nehemiah 10:32	Also we made ordinances for us, to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our God;
Nehemiah 11:3	Now these are the chief of the province that dwelt in Jerusalem: but in the cities of Judah dwelt every one in his possession in their cities, to wit, Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants.
Nehemiah 11:13	And his brethren, chief of the fathers, two hundred forty and two: and Amashai the son of Azareel, the son of Ahasai, the son of Meshillemoth, the son of Immer,
Nehemiah 11:23	For it was the king's commandment concerning them, that a certain portion should be for the singers, due for every day.
Nehemiah 11:33	Hazor, Ramah, Gittaim,
Nehemiah 12:7	Sallu, Amok, Hilkiah, Jedaiah. These were the chief of the priests and of their brethren in the days of Jeshua.
Nehemiah 12:17	Of Abijah, Zichri; of Miniamin, of Moadiah, Piltai:
Nehemiah 12:27	And at the dedication of the wall of Jerusalem they sought the Levites out of all their places, to bring them to Jerusalem, to keep the dedication with gladness, both with thanksgivings, and with singing, with cymbals, psalteries, and with harps.
Nehemiah 12:37	And at the fountain gate, which was over against them, they went up by the stairs of the city of David, at the going up of the wall, above the house of David, even unto the water gate eastward.
Nehemiah 12:47	And all Israel in the days of Zerubbabel, and in the days of Nehemiah, gave the portions of the singers and the porters, every day his portion: and they sanctified holy things unto the Levites; and the Levites sanctified them unto the children of Aaron.
Nehemiah 13:10	And I perceived that the portions of the Levites had not been given them: for the Levites and the singers, that did the work, were fled every one to his field.
Nehemiah 13:20	So the merchants and sellers of all kind of ware lodged without Jerusalem once or twice.
Nehemiah 13:30	Thus cleansed I them from all strangers, and appointed the wards of the priests and the Levites, every one in his business;
Esther 1:9	Also Vashti the queen made a feast for the women in the royal house which belonged to king Ahasuerus.
Esther 1:19	If it please the king, let there go a royal commandment from him, and let it be written among the laws of the Persians and the Medes, that it be not altered, That Vashti come no more before king Ahasuerus; and let the king give her royal estate unto another that is better than she.
Esther 2:7	And he brought up Hadassah, that is, Esther, his uncle's daughter: for she had neither father nor mother, and the maid was fair and beautiful; whom Mordecai, when her father and mother were dead, took for his own daughter.
Esther 2:17	And the king loved Esther above all the women, and she obtained grace and favour in his sight more than all the virgins; so that he set the royal crown upon her head, and made her queen instead of Vashti.
Esther 3:4	Now it came to pass, when they spake daily unto him, and he hearkened not unto them, that they told Haman, to see whether Mordecai's matters would stand: for he had told them that he was a Jew.
Esther 3:14	The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people, that they should be ready against that day.
Esther 4:9	And Hatach came and told Esther the words of Mordecai.
Esther 5:2	And it was so, when the king saw Esther the queen standing in the court, that she obtained favour in his sight: and the king held out to Esther the golden sceptre that was in his hand. So Esther drew near, and touched the top of the sceptre.
Esther 5:12	Haman said moreover, Yea, Esther the queen did let no man come in with the king unto the banquet that she had prepared but myself; and to morrow am I invited unto her also with the king.
Esther 6:8	Let the royal apparel be brought which the king useth to wear, and the horse that the king rideth upon, and the crown royal which is set upon his head:
Esther 7:4	For we are sold, I and my people, to be destroyed, to be slain, and to perish. But if we had been sold for bondmen and bondwomen, I had held my tongue, although the enemy could not countervail the king's damage.
Esther 8:4	Then the king held out the golden sceptre toward Esther. So Esther arose, and stood before the king,
Esther 8:14	So the posts that rode upon mules and camels went out, being hastened and pressed on by the king's commandment. And the decree was given at Shushan the palace.
Esther 9:7	And Parshandatha, and Dalphon, and Aspatha,
Esther 9:17	On the thirteenth day of the month Adar; and on the fourteenth day of the same rested they, and made it a day of feasting and gladness.
Esther 9:27	The Jews ordained, and took upon them, and upon their seed, and upon all such as joined themselves unto them, so as it should not fail, that they would keep these two days according to their writing, and according to their appointed time every year;
Job 1:2	And there were born unto him seven sons and three daughters.
Job 1:12	And the LORD said unto Satan, Behold, all that he hath is in thy power; only upon himself put not forth thine hand. So Satan went forth from the presence of the LORD.
Job 1:22	In all this Job sinned not, nor charged God foolishly.
Job 2:10	But he said unto her, Thou speakest as one of the foolish women speaketh. What? shall we receive good at the hand of God, and shall we not receive evil? In all this did not Job sin with his lips.
Job 3:7	Lo, let that night be solitary, let no joyful voice come therein.
Job 3:17	There the wicked cease from troubling; and there the weary be at rest.
Job 4:1	Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said,
Job 4:11	The old lion perisheth for lack of prey, and the stout lion's whelps are scattered abroad.
Job 4:21	Doth not their excellency which is in them go away? they die, even without wisdom.
Job 5:10	Who giveth rain upon the earth, and sendeth waters upon the fields:
Job 5:20	In famine he shall redeem thee from death: and in war from the power of the sword.
Job 6:3	For now it would be heavier than the sand of the sea: therefore my words are swallowed up.
Job 6:13	Is not my help in me? and is wisdom driven quite from me?
Job 6:23	Or, Deliver me from the enemy's hand? or, Redeem me from the hand of the mighty?
Job 7:3	So am I made to possess months of vanity, and wearisome nights are appointed to me.
Job 7:13	When I say, My bed shall comfort me, my couch shall ease my complaints;
Job 8:2	How long wilt thou speak these things? and how long shall the words of thy mouth be like a strong wind?
Job 8:12	Whilst it is yet in his greenness, and not cut down, it withereth before any other herb.
Job 8:22	They that hate thee shall be clothed with shame; and the dwelling place of the wicked shall come to nought.
Job 9:10	Which doeth great things past finding out; yea, and wonders without number.
Job 9:20	If I justify myself, mine own mouth shall condemn me: if I say, I am perfect, it shall also prove me perverse.
Job 9:30	If I wash myself with snow water, and make my hands never so clean;
Job 10:5	Are thy days as the days of man? are thy years as man's days,
Job 10:15	If I be wicked, woe unto me; and if I be righteous, yet will I not lift up my head. I am full of confusion; therefore see thou mine affliction;
Job 11:3	Should thy lies make men hold their peace? and when thou mockest, shall no man make thee ashamed?
Job 11:13	If thou prepare thine heart, and stretch out thine hands toward him;
Job 12:3	But I have understanding as well as you; I am not inferior to you: yea, who knoweth not such things as these?
Job 12:13	With him is wisdom and strength, he hath counsel and understanding.
Job 12:23	He increaseth the nations, and destroyeth them: he enlargeth the nations, and straiteneth them again.
Job 13:8	Will ye accept his person? will ye contend for God?
Job 13:18	Behold now, I have ordered my cause; I know that I shall be justified.
Job 13:28	And he, as a rotten thing, consumeth, as a garment that is moth eaten.
Job 14:10	But man dieth, and wasteth away: yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he?
Job 14:20	Thou prevailest for ever against him, and he passeth: thou changest his countenance, and sendest him away.
Job 15:8	Hast thou heard the secret of God? and dost thou restrain wisdom to thyself?
Job 15:18	Which wise men have told from their fathers, and have not hid it:
Job 15:28	And he dwelleth in desolate cities, and in houses which no man inhabiteth, which are ready to become heaps.
Job 16:3	Shall vain words have an end? or what emboldeneth thee that thou answerest?
Job 16:13	His archers compass me round about, he cleaveth my reins asunder, and doth not spare; he poureth out my gall upon the ground.
Job 17:1	My breath is corrupt, my days are extinct, the graves are ready for me.
Job 17:11	My days are past, my purposes are broken off, even the thoughts of my heart.
Job 18:5	Yea, the light of the wicked shall be put out, and the spark of his fire shall not shine.
Job 18:15	It shall dwell in his tabernacle, because it is none of his: brimstone shall be scattered upon his habitation.
Job 19:4	And be it indeed that I have erred, mine error remaineth with myself.
Job 19:14	My kinsfolk have failed, and my familiar friends have forgotten me.
Job 19:24	That they were graven with an iron pen and lead in the rock for ever!
Job 20:5	That the triumphing of the wicked is short, and the joy of the hypocrite but for a moment?
Job 20:15	He hath swallowed down riches, and he shall vomit them up again: God shall cast them out of his belly.
Job 20:25	It is drawn, and cometh out of the body; yea, the glittering sword cometh out of his gall: terrors are upon him.
Job 21:6	Even when I remember I am afraid, and trembling taketh hold on my flesh.
Job 21:16	Lo, their good is not in their hand: the counsel of the wicked is far from me.
Job 21:26	They shall lie down alike in the dust, and the worms shall cover them.
Job 22:2	Can a man be profitable unto God, as he that is wise may be profitable unto himself?
Job 22:12	Is not God in the height of heaven? and behold the height of the stars, how high they are!
Job 22:22	Receive, I pray thee, the law from his mouth, and lay up his words in thine heart.
Job 23:2	Even to day is my complaint bitter: my stroke is heavier than my groaning.
Job 23:12	Neither have I gone back from the commandment of his lips; I have esteemed the words of his mouth more than my necessary food.
Job 24:5	Behold, as wild asses in the desert, go they forth to their work; rising betimes for a prey: the wilderness yieldeth food for them and for their children.
Job 24:15	The eye also of the adulterer waiteth for the twilight, saying, No eye shall see me: and disguiseth his face.
Job 24:25	And if it be not so now, who will make me a liar, and make my speech nothing worth?
Job 26:4	To whom hast thou uttered words? and whose spirit came from thee?
Job 26:14	Lo, these are parts of his ways: but how little a portion is heard of him? but the thunder of his power who can understand?
Job 27:10	Will he delight himself in the Almighty? will he always call upon God?
Job 27:20	Terrors take hold on him as waters, a tempest stealeth him away in the night.
Job 28:7	There is a path which no fowl knoweth, and which the vulture's eye hath not seen:
Job 28:17	The gold and the crystal cannot equal it: and the exchange of it shall not be for jewels of fine gold.
Job 28:27	Then did he see it, and declare it; he prepared it, yea, and searched it out.
Job 29:9	The princes refrained talking, and laid their hand on their mouth.
Job 29:19	My root was spread out by the waters, and the dew lay all night upon my branch.
Job 30:4	Who cut up mallows by the bushes, and juniper roots for their meat.
Job 30:14	They came upon me as a wide breaking in of waters: in the desolation they rolled themselves upon me.
Job 30:24	Howbeit he will not stretch out his hand to the grave, though they cry in his destruction.
Job 31:3	Is not destruction to the wicked? and a strange punishment to the workers of iniquity?
Job 31:13	If I did despise the cause of my manservant or of my maidservant, when they contended with me;
Job 31:23	For destruction from God was a terror to me, and by reason of his highness I could not endure.
Job 31:33	If I covered my transgressions as Adam, by hiding mine iniquity in my bosom:
Job 32:3	Also against his three friends was his wrath kindled, because they had found no answer, and yet had condemned Job.
Job 32:13	Lest ye should say, We have found out wisdom: God thrusteth him down, not man.
Job 33:1	Wherefore, Job, I pray thee, hear my speeches, and hearken to all my words.
Job 33:11	He putteth my feet in the stocks, he marketh all my paths.
Job 33:21	His flesh is consumed away, that it cannot be seen; and his bones that were not seen stick out.
Job 33:31	Mark well, O Job, hearken unto me: hold thy peace, and I will speak.
Job 34:8	Which goeth in company with the workers of iniquity, and walketh with wicked men.
Job 34:18	Is it fit to say to a king, Thou art wicked? and to princes, Ye are ungodly?
Job 34:28	So that they cause the cry of the poor to come unto him, and he heareth the cry of the afflicted.
Job 35:1	Elihu spake moreover, and said,
Job 35:11	Who teacheth us more than the beasts of the earth, and maketh us wiser than the fowls of heaven?
Job 36:5	Behold, God is mighty, and despiseth not any: he is mighty in strength and wisdom.
Job 36:15	He delivereth the poor in his affliction, and openeth their ears in oppression.
Job 36:25	Every man may see it; man may behold it afar off.
Job 37:2	Hear attentively the noise of his voice, and the sound that goeth out of his mouth.
Job 37:12	And it is turned round about by his counsels: that they may do whatsoever he commandeth them upon the face of the world in the earth.
Job 37:22	Fair weather cometh out of the north: with God is terrible majesty.
Job 38:8	Or who shut up the sea with doors, when it brake forth, as if it had issued out of the womb?
Job 38:18	Hast thou perceived the breadth of the earth? declare if thou knowest it all.
Job 38:28	Hath the rain a father? or who hath begotten the drops of dew?
Job 38:38	When the dust groweth into hardness, and the clods cleave fast together?
Job 39:7	He scorneth the multitude of the city, neither regardeth he the crying of the driver.
Job 39:17	Because God hath deprived her of wisdom, neither hath he imparted to her understanding.
Job 39:27	Doth the eagle mount up at thy command, and make her nest on high?
Job 40:7	Gird up thy loins now like a man: I will demand of thee, and declare thou unto me.
Job 40:17	He moveth his tail like a cedar: the sinews of his stones are wrapped together.
Job 41:3	Will he make many supplications unto thee? will he speak soft words unto thee?
Job 41:13	Who can discover the face of his garment? or who can come to him with his double bridle?
Job 41:23	The flakes of his flesh are joined together: they are firm in themselves; they cannot be moved.
Job 41:33	Upon earth there is not his like, who is made without fear.
Job 42:9	So Eliphaz the Temanite and Bildad the Shuhite and Zophar the Naamathite went, and did according as the LORD commanded them: the LORD also accepted Job.
Psalms 1:2	But his delight is in the law of the LORD; and in his law doth he meditate day and night.
Psalms 2:6	Yet have I set my king upon my holy hill of Zion.
Psalms 3:4	I cried unto the LORD with my voice, and he heard me out of his holy hill. Selah.
Psalms 4:6	There be many that say, Who will shew us any good? LORD, lift thou up the light of thy countenance upon us.
Psalms 5:8	Lead me, O LORD, in thy righteousness because of mine enemies; make thy way straight before my face.
Psalms 6:6	I am weary with my groaning; all the night make I my bed to swim; I water my couch with my tears.
Psalms 7:6	Arise, O LORD, in thine anger, lift up thyself because of the rage of mine enemies: and awake for me to the judgment that thou hast commanded.
Psalms 7:16	His mischief shall return upon his own head, and his violent dealing shall come down upon his own pate.
Psalms 8:9	O LORD our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth!
Psalms 9:10	And they that know thy name will put their trust in thee: for thou, LORD, hast not forsaken them that seek thee.
Psalms 9:20	Put them in fear, O LORD: that the nations may know themselves to be but men. Selah.
Psalms 10:10	He croucheth, and humbleth himself, that the poor may fall by his strong ones.
Psalms 11:2	For, lo, the wicked bend their bow, they make ready their arrow upon the string, that they may privily shoot at the upright in heart.
Psalms 12:5	For the oppression of the poor, for the sighing of the needy, now will I arise, saith the LORD; I will set him in safety from him that puffeth at him.
Psalms 14:1	The fool hath said in his heart, There is no God. They are corrupt, they have done abominable works, there is none that doeth good.
Psalms 15:4	In whose eyes a vile person is contemned; but he honoureth them that fear the LORD. He that sweareth to his own hurt, and changeth not.
Psalms 16:9	Therefore my heart is glad, and my glory rejoiceth: my flesh also shall rest in hope.
Psalms 17:8	Keep me as the apple of the eye, hide me under the shadow of thy wings,
Psalms 18:3	I will call upon the LORD, who is worthy to be praised: so shall I be saved from mine enemies.
Psalms 18:13	The LORD also thundered in the heavens, and the Highest gave his voice; hail stones and coals of fire.
Psalms 18:23	I was also upright before him, and I kept myself from mine iniquity.
Psalms 18:33	He maketh my feet like hinds' feet, and setteth me upon my high places.
Psalms 18:43	Thou hast delivered me from the strivings of the people; and thou hast made me the head of the heathen: a people whom I have not known shall serve me.
Psalms 19:3	There is no speech nor language, where their voice is not heard.
Psalms 19:13	Keep back thy servant also from presumptuous sins; let them not have dominion over me: then shall I be upright, and I shall be innocent from the great transgression.
Psalms 20:9	Save, LORD: let the king hear us when we call.
Psalms 21:10	Their fruit shalt thou destroy from the earth, and their seed from among the children of men.
Psalms 22:7	All they that see me laugh me to scorn: they shoot out the lip, they shake the head, saying,
Psalms 22:17	I may tell all my bones: they look and stare upon me.
Psalms 22:27	All the ends of the world shall remember and turn unto the LORD: and all the kindreds of the nations shall worship before thee.
Psalms 23:6	Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: and I will dwell in the house of the LORD for ever.
Psalms 24:10	Who is this King of glory? The LORD of hosts, he is the King of glory. Selah.
Psalms 25:10	All the paths of the LORD are mercy and truth unto such as keep his covenant and his testimonies.
Psalms 25:20	O keep my soul, and deliver me: let me not be ashamed; for I put my trust in thee.
Psalms 26:8	LORD, I have loved the habitation of thy house, and the place where thine honour dwelleth.
Psalms 27:6	And now shall mine head be lifted up above mine enemies round about me: therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy; I will sing, yea, I will sing praises unto the LORD.
Psalms 28:2	Hear the voice of my supplications, when I cry unto thee, when I lift up my hands toward thy holy oracle.
Psalms 29:3	The voice of the LORD is upon the waters: the God of glory thundereth: the LORD is upon many waters.
Psalms 30:2	O LORD my God, I cried unto thee, and thou hast healed me.
Psalms 30:12	To the end that my glory may sing praise to thee, and not be silent. O LORD my God, I will give thanks unto thee for ever.
Psalms 31:10	For my life is spent with grief, and my years with sighing: my strength faileth because of mine iniquity, and my bones are consumed.
Psalms 31:20	Thou shalt hide them in the secret of thy presence from the pride of man: thou shalt keep them secretly in a pavilion from the strife of tongues.
Psalms 32:6	For this shall every one that is godly pray unto thee in a time when thou mayest be found: surely in the floods of great waters they shall not come nigh unto him.
Psalms 33:5	He loveth righteousness and judgment: the earth is full of the goodness of the LORD.
Psalms 33:15	He fashioneth their hearts alike; he considereth all their works.
Psalms 34:3	O magnify the LORD with me, and let us exalt his name together.
Psalms 34:13	Keep thy tongue from evil, and thy lips from speaking guile.
Psalms 35:1	Plead my cause, O LORD, with them that strive with me: fight against them that fight against me.
Psalms 35:11	False witnesses did rise up; they laid to my charge things that I knew not.
Psalms 35:21	Yea, they opened their mouth wide against me, and said, Aha, aha, our eye hath seen it.
Psalms 36:3	The words of his mouth are iniquity and deceit: he hath left off to be wise, and to do good.
Psalms 37:1	Fret not thyself because of evildoers, neither be thou envious against the workers of iniquity.
Psalms 37:11	But the meek shall inherit the earth; and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace.
Psalms 37:21	The wicked borroweth, and payeth not again: but the righteous sheweth mercy, and giveth.
Psalms 37:31	The law of his God is in his heart; none of his steps shall slide.
Psalms 38:1	O lord, rebuke me not in thy wrath: neither chasten me in thy hot displeasure.
Psalms 38:11	My lovers and my friends stand aloof from my sore; and my kinsmen stand afar off.
Psalms 38:21	Forsake me not, O LORD: O my God, be not far from me.
Psalms 39:9	I was dumb, I opened not my mouth; because thou didst it.
Psalms 40:6	Sacrifice and offering thou didst not desire; mine ears hast thou opened: burnt offering and sin offering hast thou not required.
Psalms 40:16	Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee: let such as love thy salvation say continually, The LORD be magnified.
Psalms 41:9	Yea, mine own familiar friend, in whom I trusted, which did eat of my bread, hath lifted up his heel against me.
Psalms 42:6	O my God, my soul is cast down within me: therefore will I remember thee from the land of Jordan, and of the Hermonites, from the hill Mizar.
Psalms 43:5	Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted within me? hope in God: for I shall yet praise him, who is the health of my countenance, and my God.
Psalms 44:10	Thou makest us to turn back from the enemy: and they which hate us spoil for themselves.
Psalms 44:20	If we have forgotten the name of our God, or stretched out our hands to a strange god;
Psalms 45:4	And in thy majesty ride prosperously because of truth and meekness and righteousness; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things.
Psalms 45:14	She shall be brought unto the king in raiment of needlework: the virgins her companions that follow her shall be brought unto thee.
Psalms 46:7	The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge. Selah.
Psalms 47:6	Sing praises to God, sing praises: sing praises unto our King, sing praises.
Psalms 48:7	Thou breakest the ships of Tarshish with an east wind.
Psalms 49:3	My mouth shall speak of wisdom; and the meditation of my heart shall be of understanding.
Psalms 49:13	This their way is their folly: yet their posterity approve their sayings. Selah.
Psalms 50:3	Our God shall come, and shall not keep silence: a fire shall devour before him, and it shall be very tempestuous round about him.
Psalms 50:13	Will I eat the flesh of bulls, or drink the blood of goats?
Psalms 50:23	Whoso offereth praise glorifieth me: and to him that ordereth his conversation aright will I shew the salvation of God.
Psalms 51:10	Create in me a clean heart, O God; and renew a right spirit within me.
Psalms 52:1	Why boastest thou thyself in mischief, O mighty man? the goodness of God endureth continually.
Psalms 53:2	God looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, that did seek God.
Psalms 54:6	I will freely sacrifice unto thee: I will praise thy name, O LORD; for it is good.
Psalms 55:9	Destroy, O Lord, and divide their tongues: for I have seen violence and strife in the city.
Psalms 55:19	God shall hear, and afflict them, even he that abideth of old. Selah. Because they have no changes, therefore they fear not God.
Psalms 56:6	They gather themselves together, they hide themselves, they mark my steps, when they wait for my soul.
Psalms 57:3	He shall send from heaven, and save me from the reproach of him that would swallow me up. Selah. God shall send forth his mercy and his truth.
Psalms 58:2	Yea, in heart ye work wickedness; ye weigh the violence of your hands in the earth.
Psalms 59:1	Deliver me from mine enemies, O my God: defend me from them that rise up against me.
Psalms 59:11	Slay them not, lest my people forget: scatter them by thy power; and bring them down, O Lord our shield.
Psalms 60:4	Thou hast given a banner to them that fear thee, that it may be displayed because of the truth. Selah.
Psalms 61:2	From the end of the earth will I cry unto thee, when my heart is overwhelmed: lead me to the rock that is higher than I.
Psalms 62:4	They only consult to cast him down from his excellency: they delight in lies: they bless with their mouth, but they curse inwardly. Selah.
Psalms 63:2	To see thy power and thy glory, so as I have seen thee in the sanctuary.
Psalms 64:1	Hear my voice, O God, in my prayer: preserve my life from fear of the enemy.
Psalms 65:1	Praise waiteth for thee, O God, in Sion: and unto thee shall the vow be performed.
Psalms 65:11	Thou crownest the year with thy goodness; and thy paths drop fatness.
Psalms 66:8	O bless our God, ye people, and make the voice of his praise to be heard:
Psalms 66:18	If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me:
Psalms 68:1	Let God arise, let his enemies be scattered: let them also that hate him flee before him.
Psalms 68:11	The Lord gave the word: great was the company of those that published it.
Psalms 68:21	But God shall wound the head of his enemies, and the hairy scalp of such an one as goeth on still in his trespasses.
Psalms 68:31	Princes shall come out of Egypt; Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God.
Psalms 69:6	Let not them that wait on thee, O Lord GOD of hosts, be ashamed for my sake: let not those that seek thee be confounded for my sake, O God of Israel.
Psalms 69:16	Hear me, O LORD; for thy lovingkindness is good: turn unto me according to the multitude of thy tender mercies.
Psalms 69:26	For they persecute him whom thou hast smitten; and they talk to the grief of those whom thou hast wounded.
Psalms 69:36	The seed also of his servants shall inherit it: and they that love his name shall dwell therein.
Psalms 71:5	For thou art my hope, O Lord GOD: thou art my trust from my youth.
Psalms 71:15	My mouth shall shew forth thy righteousness and thy salvation all the day; for I know not the numbers thereof.
Psalms 72:1	Give the king thy judgments, O God, and thy righteousness unto the king's son.
Psalms 72:11	Yea, all kings shall fall down before him: all nations shall serve him.
Psalms 73:1	Truly God is good to Israel, even to such as are of a clean heart.
Psalms 73:11	And they say, How doth God know? and is there knowledge in the most High?
Psalms 73:21	Thus my heart was grieved, and I was pricked in my reins.
Psalms 74:3	Lift up thy feet unto the perpetual desolations; even all that the enemy hath done wickedly in the sanctuary.
Psalms 74:13	Thou didst divide the sea by thy strength: thou brakest the heads of the dragons in the waters.
Psalms 74:23	Forget not the voice of thine enemies: the tumult of those that rise up against thee increaseth continually.
Psalms 75:10	All the horns of the wicked also will I cut off; but the horns of the righteous shall be exalted.
Psalms 76:10	Surely the wrath of man shall praise thee: the remainder of wrath shalt thou restrain.
Psalms 77:8	Is his mercy clean gone for ever? doth his promise fail for evermore?
Psalms 77:18	The voice of thy thunder was in the heaven: the lightnings lightened the world: the earth trembled and shook.
Psalms 78:8	And might not be as their fathers, a stubborn and rebellious generation; a generation that set not their heart aright, and whose spirit was not stedfast with God.
Psalms 78:18	And they tempted God in their heart by asking meat for their lust.
Psalms 78:28	And he let it fall in the midst of their camp, round about their habitations.
Psalms 78:38	But he, being full of compassion, forgave their iniquity, and destroyed them not: yea, many a time turned he his anger away, and did not stir up all his wrath.
Psalms 78:48	He gave up their cattle also to the hail, and their flocks to hot thunderbolts.
Psalms 78:58	For they provoked him to anger with their high places, and moved him to jealousy with their graven images.
Psalms 78:68	But chose the tribe of Judah, the mount Zion which he loved.
Psalms 79:6	Pour out thy wrath upon the heathen that have not known thee, and upon the kingdoms that have not called upon thy name.
Psalms 80:3	Turn us again, O God, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved.
Psalms 80:13	The boar out of the wood doth waste it, and the wild beast of the field doth devour it.
Psalms 81:4	For this was a statute for Israel, and a law of the God of Jacob.
Psalms 81:14	I should soon have subdued their enemies, and turned my hand against their adversaries.
Psalms 82:8	Arise, O God, judge the earth: for thou shalt inherit all nations.
Psalms 83:10	Which perished at Endor: they became as dung for the earth.
Psalms 84:2	My soul longeth, yea, even fainteth for the courts of the LORD: my heart and my flesh crieth out for the living God.
Psalms 84:12	O LORD of hosts, blessed is the man that trusteth in thee.
Psalms 85:10	Mercy and truth are met together; righteousness and peace have kissed each other.
Psalms 86:7	In the day of my trouble I will call upon thee: for thou wilt answer me.
Psalms 86:17	Shew me a token for good; that they which hate me may see it, and be ashamed: because thou, LORD, hast holpen me, and comforted me.
Psalms 88:3	For my soul is full of troubles: and my life draweth nigh unto the grave.
Psalms 88:13	But unto thee have I cried, O LORD; and in the morning shall my prayer prevent thee.
Psalms 89:5	And the heavens shall praise thy wonders, O LORD: thy faithfulness also in the congregation of the saints.
Psalms 89:15	Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound: they shall walk, O LORD, in the light of thy countenance.
Psalms 89:25	I will set his hand also in the sea, and his right hand in the rivers.
Psalms 89:35	Once have I sworn by my holiness that I will not lie unto David.
Psalms 89:45	The days of his youth hast thou shortened: thou hast covered him with shame. Selah.
Psalms 90:3	|Thou turnest man to destruction; and sayest, Return, ye children of men.
Psalms 90:13	Return, O LORD, how long? and let it repent thee concerning thy servants.
Psalms 91:6	Nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness; nor for the destruction that wasteth at noonday.
Psalms 91:16	With long life will I satisfy him, and shew him my salvation.
Psalms 92:10	But my horn shalt thou exalt like the horn of an unicorn: I shall be anointed with fresh oil.
Psalms 93:5	Thy testimonies are very sure: holiness becometh thine house, O LORD, for ever.
Psalms 94:10	He that chastiseth the heathen, shall not he correct? he that teacheth man knowledge, shall not he know?
Psalms 94:20	Shall the throne of iniquity have fellowship with thee, which frameth mischief by a law?
Psalms 95:7	For he is our God; and we are the people of his pasture, and the sheep of his hand. To day if ye will hear his voice,
Psalms 96:6	Honour and majesty are before him: strength and beauty are in his sanctuary.
Psalms 97:3	A fire goeth before him, and burneth up his enemies round about.
Psalms 98:1	O sing unto the LORD a new song; for he hath done marvellous things: his right hand, and his holy arm, hath gotten him the victory.
Psalms 99:2	The LORD is great in Zion; and he is high above all the people.
Psalms 100:3	Know ye that the LORD he is God: it is he that hath made us, and not we ourselves; we are his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
Psalms 101:8	I will early destroy all the wicked of the land; that I may cut off all wicked doers from the city of the LORD.
Psalms 102:10	Because of thine indignation and thy wrath: for thou hast lifted me up, and cast me down.
Psalms 102:20	To hear the groaning of the prisoner; to loose those that are appointed to death;
Psalms 103:2	Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits:
Psalms 103:12	As far as the east is from the west, so far hath he removed our transgressions from us.
Psalms 103:22	Bless the LORD, all his works in all places of his dominion: bless the LORD, O my soul.
Psalms 104:10	He sendeth the springs into the valleys, which run among the hills.
Psalms 104:20	Thou makest darkness, and it is night: wherein all the beasts of the forest do creep forth.
Psalms 104:30	Thou sendest forth thy spirit, they are created: and thou renewest the face of the earth.
Psalms 105:5	Remember his marvellous works that he hath done; his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;
Psalms 105:15	Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm.
Psalms 105:25	He turned their heart to hate his people, to deal subtilly with his servants.
Psalms 105:35	And did eat up all the herbs in their land, and devoured the fruit of their ground.
Psalms 105:45	That they might observe his statutes, and keep his laws. Praise ye the LORD.
Psalms 106:10	And he saved them from the hand of him that hated them, and redeemed them from the hand of the enemy.
Psalms 106:20	Thus they changed their glory into the similitude of an ox that eateth grass.
Psalms 106:30	Then stood up Phinehas, and executed judgment: and so the plague was stayed.
Psalms 106:40	Therefore was the wrath of the LORD kindled against his people, insomuch that he abhorred his own inheritance.
Psalms 107:2	Let the redeemed of the LORD say so, whom he hath redeemed from the hand of the enemy;
Psalms 107:12	Therefore he brought down their heart with labour; they fell down, and there was none to help.
Psalms 107:22	And let them sacrifice the sacrifices of thanksgiving, and declare his works with rejoicing.
Psalms 107:32	Let them exalt him also in the congregation of the people, and praise him in the assembly of the elders.
Psalms 107:42	The righteous shall see it, and rejoice: and all iniquity shall stop her mouth.
Psalms 108:9	Moab is my washpot; over Edom will I cast out my shoe; over Philistia will I triumph.
Psalms 109:6	Set thou a wicked man over him: and let Satan stand at his right hand.
Psalms 109:16	Because that he remembered not to shew mercy, but persecuted the poor and needy man, that he might even slay the broken in heart.
Psalms 109:26	Help me, O LORD my God: O save me according to thy mercy:
Psalms 110:5	The Lord at thy right hand shall strike through kings in the day of his wrath.
Psalms 111:8	They stand fast for ever and ever, and are done in truth and uprightness.
Psalms 112:8	His heart is established, he shall not be afraid, until he see his desire upon his enemies.
Psalms 113:8	That he may set him with princes, even with the princes of his people.
Psalms 115:1	Not unto us, O LORD, not unto us, but unto thy name give glory, for thy mercy, and for thy truth's sake.
Psalms 115:11	Ye that fear the LORD, trust in the LORD: he is their help and their shield.
Psalms 116:3	The sorrows of death compassed me, and the pains of hell gat hold upon me: I found trouble and sorrow.
Psalms 116:13	I will take the cup of salvation, and call upon the name of the LORD.
Psalms 118:2	Let Israel now say, that his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 118:12	They compassed me about like bees: they are quenched as the fire of thorns: for in the name of the LORD I will destroy them.
Psalms 118:22	The stone which the builders refused is become the head stone of the corner.
Psalms 119:3	They also do no iniquity: they walk in his ways.
Psalms 119:13	With my lips have I declared all the judgments of thy mouth.
Psalms 119:23	Princes also did sit and speak against me: but thy servant did meditate in thy statutes.
Psalms 119:33	Teach me, O LORD, the way of thy statutes; and I shall keep it unto the end.
Psalms 119:43	And take not the word of truth utterly out of my mouth; for I have hoped in thy judgments.
Psalms 119:53	Horror hath taken hold upon me because of the wicked that forsake thy law.
Psalms 119:63	I am a companion of all them that fear thee, and of them that keep thy precepts.
Psalms 119:73	Thy hands have made me and fashioned me: give me understanding, that I may learn thy commandments.
Psalms 119:83	For I am become like a bottle in the smoke; yet do I not forget thy statutes.
Psalms 119:93	I will never forget thy precepts: for with them thou hast quickened me.
Psalms 119:103	How sweet are thy words unto my taste! yea, sweeter than honey to my mouth!
Psalms 119:113	I hate vain thoughts: but thy law do I love.
Psalms 119:123	Mine eyes fail for thy salvation, and for the word of thy righteousness.
Psalms 119:133	Order my steps in thy word: and let not any iniquity have dominion over me.
Psalms 119:143	Trouble and anguish have taken hold on me: yet thy commandments are my delights.
Psalms 119:153	Consider mine affliction, and deliver me: for I do not forget thy law.
Psalms 119:163	I hate and abhor lying: but thy law do I love.
Psalms 119:173	Let thine hand help me; for I have chosen thy precepts.
Psalms 120:7	I am for peace: but when I speak, they are for war.
Psalms 122:2	Our feet shall stand within thy gates, O Jerusalem.
Psalms 123:3	Have mercy upon us, O LORD, have mercy upon us: for we are exceedingly filled with contempt.
Psalms 125:1	They that trust in the LORD shall be as mount Zion, which cannot be removed, but abideth for ever.
Psalms 126:6	He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him.
Psalms 128:5	The LORD shall bless thee out of Zion: and thou shalt see the good of Jerusalem all the days of thy life.
Psalms 130:1	Out of the depths have I cried unto thee, O LORD.
Psalms 131:3	Let Israel hope in the LORD from henceforth and for ever.
Psalms 132:10	For thy servant David's sake turn not away the face of thine anointed.
Psalms 133:2	It is like the precious ointment upon the head, that ran down upon the beard, even Aaron's beard: that went down to the skirts of his garments;
Psalms 135:6	Whatsoever the LORD pleased, that did he in heaven, and in earth, in the seas, and all deep places.
Psalms 135:16	They have mouths, but they speak not; eyes have they, but they see not;
Psalms 136:5	To him that by wisdom made the heavens: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 136:15	But overthrew Pharaoh and his host in the Red sea: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 136:25	Who giveth food to all flesh: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 137:9	Happy shall he be, that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones.
Psalms 139:2	Thou knowest my downsitting and mine uprising, thou understandest my thought afar off.
Psalms 139:12	Yea, the darkness hideth not from thee; but the night shineth as the day: the darkness and the light are both alike to thee.
Psalms 139:22	I hate them with perfect hatred: I count them mine enemies.
Psalms 140:8	Grant not, O LORD, the desires of the wicked: further not his wicked device; lest they exalt themselves. Selah.
Psalms 141:5	Let the righteous smite me; it shall be a kindness: and let him reprove me; it shall be an excellent oil, which shall not break my head: for yet my prayer also shall be in their calamities.
Psalms 142:5	I cried unto thee, O LORD: I said, Thou art my refuge and my portion in the land of the living.
Psalms 143:8	Cause me to hear thy lovingkindness in the morning; for in thee do I trust: cause me to know the way wherein I should walk; for I lift up my soul unto thee.
Psalms 144:6	Cast forth lightning, and scatter them: shoot out thine arrows, and destroy them.
Psalms 145:1	I will extol thee, my God, O king; and I will bless thy name for ever and ever.
Psalms 145:11	They shall speak of the glory of thy kingdom, and talk of thy power;
Psalms 145:21	My mouth shall speak the praise of the LORD: and let all flesh bless his holy name for ever and ever.
Psalms 146:10	The LORD shall reign for ever, even thy God, O Zion, unto all generations. Praise ye the LORD.
Psalms 147:10	He delighteth not in the strength of the horse: he taketh not pleasure in the legs of a man.
Psalms 147:20	He hath not dealt so with any nation: and as for his judgments, they have not known them. Praise ye the LORD.
Psalms 148:10	Beasts, and all cattle; creeping things, and flying fowl:
Psalms 149:6	Let the high praises of God be in their mouth, and a two-edged sword in their hand;
Proverbs 1:1	The proverbs of Solomon the son of David, king of Israel;
Proverbs 1:11	If they say, Come with us, let us lay wait for blood, let us lurk privily for the innocent without cause:
Proverbs 1:21	She crieth in the chief place of concourse, in the openings of the gates: in the city she uttereth her words, saying,
Proverbs 1:31	Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way, and be filled with their own devices.
Proverbs 2:8	He keepeth the paths of judgment, and preserveth the way of his saints.
Proverbs 2:18	For her house inclineth unto death, and her paths unto the dead.
Proverbs 3:6	In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.
Proverbs 3:16	Length of days is in her right hand; and in her left hand riches and honour.
Proverbs 3:26	For the LORD shall be thy confidence, and shall keep thy foot from being taken.
Proverbs 4:1	Hear, ye children, the instruction of a father, and attend to know understanding.
Proverbs 4:11	I have taught thee in the way of wisdom; I have led thee in right paths.
Proverbs 4:21	Let them not depart from thine eyes; keep them in the midst of thine heart.
Proverbs 5:4	But her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a two-edged sword.
Proverbs 5:14	I was almost in all evil in the midst of the congregation and assembly.
Proverbs 6:1	My son, if thou be surety for thy friend, if thou hast stricken thy hand with a stranger,
Proverbs 6:11	So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth, and thy want as an armed man.
Proverbs 6:21	Bind them continually upon thine heart, and tie them about thy neck.
Proverbs 6:31	But if he be found, he shall restore sevenfold; he shall give all the substance of his house.
Proverbs 7:6	For at the window of my house I looked through my casement,
Proverbs 7:16	I have decked my bed with coverings of tapestry, with carved works, with fine linen of Egypt.
Proverbs 7:26	For she hath cast down many wounded: yea, many strong men have been slain by her.
Proverbs 8:9	They are all plain to him that understandeth, and right to them that find knowledge.
Proverbs 8:19	My fruit is better than gold, yea, than fine gold; and my revenue than choice silver.
Proverbs 8:29	When he gave to the sea his decree, that the waters should not pass his commandment: when he appointed the foundations of the earth:
Proverbs 9:3	She hath sent forth her maidens: she crieth upon the highest places of the city,
Proverbs 9:13	A foolish woman is clamorous: she is simple, and knoweth nothing.
Proverbs 10:5	He that gathereth in summer is a wise son: but he that sleepeth in harvest is a son that causeth shame.
Proverbs 10:15	The rich man's wealth is his strong city: the destruction of the poor is their poverty.
Proverbs 10:25	As the whirlwind passeth, so is the wicked no more: but the righteous is an everlasting foundation.
Proverbs 11:3	The integrity of the upright shall guide them: but the perverseness of transgressors shall destroy them.
Proverbs 11:13	A talebearer revealeth secrets: but he that is of a faithful spirit concealeth the matter.
Proverbs 11:23	The desire of the righteous is only good: but the expectation of the wicked is wrath.
Proverbs 12:2	A good man obtaineth favour of the LORD: but a man of wicked devices will he condemn.
Proverbs 12:12	The wicked desireth the net of evil men: but the root of the righteous yieldeth fruit.
Proverbs 12:22	Lying lips are abomination to the LORD: but they that deal truly are his delight.
Proverbs 13:4	The soul of the sluggard desireth, and hath nothing: but the soul of the diligent shall be made fat.
Proverbs 13:14	The law of the wise is a fountain of life, to depart from the snares of death.
Proverbs 13:24	He that spareth his rod hateth his son: but he that loveth him chasteneth him betimes.
Proverbs 14:9	Fools make a mock at sin: but among the righteous there is favour.
Proverbs 14:19	The evil bow before the good; and the wicked at the gates of the righteous.
Proverbs 14:29	He that is slow to wrath is of great understanding: but he that is hasty of spirit exalteth folly.
Proverbs 15:4	A wholesome tongue is a tree of life: but perverseness therein is a breach in the spirit.
Proverbs 15:14	The heart of him that hath understanding seeketh knowledge: but the mouth of fools feedeth on foolishness.
Proverbs 15:24	The way of life is above to the wise, that he may depart from hell beneath.
Proverbs 16:1	The preparations of the heart in man, and the answer of the tongue, is from the LORD.
Proverbs 16:11	A just weight and balance are the LORD's: all the weights of the bag are his work.
Proverbs 16:21	The wise in heart shall be called prudent: and the sweetness of the lips increaseth learning.
Proverbs 16:31	The hoary head is a crown of glory, if it be found in the way of righteousness.
Proverbs 17:8	A gift is as a precious stone in the eyes of him that hath it: whithersoever it turneth, it prospereth.
Proverbs 17:18	A man void of understanding striketh hands, and becometh surety in the presence of his friend.
Proverbs 17:28	Even a fool, when he holdeth his peace, is counted wise: and he that shutteth his lips is esteemed a man of understanding.
Proverbs 18:10	The name of the LORD is a strong tower: the righteous runneth into it, and is safe.
Proverbs 18:20	A man's belly shall be satisfied with the fruit of his mouth; and with the increase of his lips shall he be filled.
Proverbs 19:6	Many will intreat the favour of the prince: and every man is a friend to him that giveth gifts.
Proverbs 19:16	He that keepeth the commandment keepeth his own soul; but he that despiseth his ways shall die.
Proverbs 19:26	He that wasteth his father, and chaseth away his mother, is a son that causeth shame, and bringeth reproach.
Proverbs 20:7	The just man walketh in his integrity: his children are blessed after him.
Proverbs 20:17	Bread of deceit is sweet to a man; but afterwards his mouth shall be filled with gravel.
Proverbs 20:27	The spirit of man is the candle of the LORD, searching all the inward parts of the belly.
Proverbs 21:7	The robbery of the wicked shall destroy them; because they refuse to do judgment.
Proverbs 21:17	He that loveth pleasure shall be a poor man: he that loveth wine and oil shall not be rich.
Proverbs 21:27	The sacrifice of the wicked is abomination: how much more, when he bringeth it with a wicked mind?
Proverbs 22:6	Train up a child in the way he should go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it.
Proverbs 22:16	He that oppresseth the poor to increase his riches, and he that giveth to the rich, shall surely come to want.
Proverbs 22:26	Be not thou one of them that strike hands, or of them that are sureties for debts.
Proverbs 23:7	For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he: Eat and drink, saith he to thee; but his heart is not with thee.
Proverbs 23:17	Let not thine heart envy sinners: but be thou in the fear of the LORD all the day long.
Proverbs 23:27	For a whore is a deep ditch; and a strange woman is a narrow pit.
Proverbs 24:2	For their heart studieth destruction, and their lips talk of mischief.
Proverbs 24:12	If thou sayest, Behold, we knew it not; doth not he that pondereth the heart consider it? and he that keepeth thy soul, doth not he know it? and shall not he render to every man according to his works?
Proverbs 24:22	For their calamity shall rise suddenly; and who knoweth the ruin of them both?
Proverbs 24:32	Then I saw, and considered it well: I looked upon it, and received instruction.
Proverbs 25:8	Go not forth hastily to strive, lest thou know not what to do in the end thereof, when thy neighbour hath put thee to shame.
Proverbs 25:18	A man that beareth false witness against his neighbour is a maul, and a sword, and a sharp arrow.
Proverbs 25:28	He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down, and without walls.
Proverbs 26:10	The great God that formed all things both rewardeth the fool, and rewardeth transgressors.
Proverbs 26:20	Where no wood is, there the fire goeth out: so where there is no talebearer, the strife ceaseth.
Proverbs 27:2	Let another man praise thee, and not thine own mouth; a stranger, and not thine own lips.
Proverbs 27:12	A prudent man foreseeth the evil, and hideth himself; but the simple pass on, and are punished.
Proverbs 27:22	Though thou shouldest bray a fool in a mortar among wheat with a pestle, yet will not his foolishness depart from him.
Proverbs 28:5	Evil men understand not judgment: but they that seek the LORD understand all things.
Proverbs 28:15	As a roaring lion, and a ranging bear; so is a wicked ruler over the poor people.
Proverbs 28:25	He that is of a proud heart stirreth up strife: but he that putteth his trust in the LORD shall be made fat.
Proverbs 29:7	The righteous considereth the cause of the poor: but the wicked regardeth not to know it.
Proverbs 29:17	Correct thy son, and he shall give thee rest; yea, he shall give delight unto thy soul.
Proverbs 29:27	An unjust man is an abomination to the just: and he that is upright in the way is abomination to the wicked.
Proverbs 30:10	Accuse not a servant unto his master, lest he curse thee, and thou be found guilty.
Proverbs 30:20	Such is the way of an adulterous woman; she eateth, and wipeth her mouth, and saith, I have done no wickedness.
Proverbs 30:30	A lion which is strongest among beasts, and turneth not away for any;
Proverbs 31:7	Let him drink, and forget his poverty, and remember his misery no more.
Proverbs 31:17	She girdeth her loins with strength, and strengtheneth her arms.
Proverbs 31:27	She looketh well to the ways of her household, and eateth not the bread of idleness.
Ecclesiastes 1:6	The wind goeth toward the south, and turneth about unto the north; it whirleth about continually, and the wind returneth again according to his circuits.
Ecclesiastes 1:16	I communed with mine own heart, saying, Lo, I am come to great estate, and have gotten more wisdom than all they that have been before me in Jerusalem: yea, my heart had great experience of wisdom and knowledge.
Ecclesiastes 2:8	I gathered me also silver and gold, and the peculiar treasure of kings and of the provinces: I gat me men singers and women singers, and the delights of the sons of men, as musical instruments, and that of all sorts.
Ecclesiastes 2:18	Yea, I hated all my labour which I had taken under the sun: because I should leave it unto the man that shall be after me.
Ecclesiastes 3:2	A time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted;
Ecclesiastes 3:12	I know that there is no good in them, but for a man to rejoice, and to do good in his life.
Ecclesiastes 3:22	Wherefore I perceive that there is nothing better, than that a man should rejoice in his own works; for that is his portion: for who shall bring him to see what shall be after him?
Ecclesiastes 4:10	For if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow: but woe to him that is alone when he falleth; for he hath not another to help him up.
Ecclesiastes 5:4	When thou vowest a vow unto God, defer not to pay it; for he hath no pleasure in fools: pay that which thou hast vowed.
Ecclesiastes 5:14	But those riches perish by evil travail: and he begetteth a son, and there is nothing in his hand.
Ecclesiastes 6:4	For he cometh in with vanity, and departeth in darkness, and his name shall be covered with darkness.
Ecclesiastes 7:2	It is better to go to the house of mourning, than to go to the house of feasting: for that is the end of all men; and the living will lay it to his heart.
Ecclesiastes 7:12	For wisdom is a defence, and money is a defence: but the excellency of knowledge is, that wisdom giveth life to them that have it.
Ecclesiastes 7:22	For oftentimes also thine own heart knoweth that thou thyself likewise hast cursed others.
Ecclesiastes 8:3	Be not hasty to go out of his sight: stand not in an evil thing; for he doeth whatsoever pleaseth him.
Ecclesiastes 8:13	But it shall not be well with the wicked, neither shall he prolong his days, which are as a shadow; because he feareth not before God.
Ecclesiastes 9:6	Also their love, and their hatred, and their envy, is now perished; neither have they any more a portion for ever in any thing that is done under the sun.
Ecclesiastes 9:16	Then said I, Wisdom is better than strength: nevertheless the poor man's wisdom is despised, and his words are not heard.
Ecclesiastes 10:8	He that diggeth a pit shall fall into it; and whoso breaketh an hedge, a serpent shall bite him.
Ecclesiastes 10:18	By much slothfulness the building decayeth; and through idleness of the hands the house droppeth through.
Ecclesiastes 11:8	But if a man live many years, and rejoice in them all; yet let him remember the days of darkness; for they shall be many. All that cometh is vanity.
Ecclesiastes 12:8	Vanity of vanities, saith the preacher; all is vanity.
Song of Solomon 1:4	Draw me, we will run after thee: the king hath brought me into his chambers: we will be glad and rejoice in thee, we will remember thy love more than wine: the upright love thee.
Song of Solomon 1:14	My beloved is unto me as a cluster of camphire in the vineyards of Engedi.
Song of Solomon 2:7	I charge you, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes, and by the hinds of the field, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, till he please.
Song of Solomon 2:17	Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, turn, my beloved, and be thou like a roe or a young hart upon the mountains of Bether.
Song of Solomon 3:10	He made the pillars thereof of silver, the bottom thereof of gold, the covering of it of purple, the midst thereof being paved with love, for the daughters of Jerusalem.
Song of Solomon 4:9	Thou hast ravished my heart, my sister, my spouse; thou hast ravished my heart with one of thine eyes, with one chain of thy neck.
Song of Solomon 5:3	I have put off my coat; how shall I put it on? I have washed my feet; how shall I defile them?
Song of Solomon 5:13	His cheeks are as a bed of spices, as sweet flowers: his lips like lilies, dropping sweet smelling myrrh.
Song of Solomon 6:7	As a piece of a pomegranate are thy temples within thy locks.
Song of Solomon 7:4	Thy neck is as a tower of ivory; thine eyes like the fishpools in Heshbon, by the gate of Bathrabbim: thy nose is as the tower of Lebanon which looketh toward Damascus.
Song of Solomon 8:1	O that thou wert as my brother, that sucked the breasts of my mother! when I should find thee without, I would kiss thee; yea, I should not be despised.
Song of Solomon 8:11	Solomon had a vineyard at Baalhamon; he let out the vineyard unto keepers; every one for the fruit thereof was to bring a thousand pieces of silver.
Isaiah 1:7	Your country is desolate, your cities are burned with fire: your land, strangers devour it in your presence, and it is desolate, as overthrown by strangers.
Isaiah 1:17	Learn to do well; seek judgment, relieve the oppressed, judge the fatherless, plead for the widow.
Isaiah 1:27	Zion shall be redeemed with judgment, and her converts with righteousness.
Isaiah 2:6	Therefore thou hast forsaken thy people the house of Jacob, because they be replenished from the east, and are soothsayers like the Philistines, and they please themselves in the children of strangers.
Isaiah 2:16	And upon all the ships of Tarshish, and upon all pleasant pictures.
Isaiah 3:4	And I will give children to be their princes, and babes shall rule over them.
Isaiah 3:14	The LORD will enter into judgment with the ancients of his people, and the princes thereof: for ye have eaten up the vineyard; the spoil of the poor is in your houses.
Isaiah 3:24	And it shall come to pass, that instead of sweet smell there shall be stink; and instead of a girdle a rent; and instead of well set hair baldness; and instead of a stomacher a girding of sackcloth; and burning instead of beauty.
Isaiah 5:2	And he fenced it, and gathered out the stones thereof, and planted it with the choicest vine, and built a tower in the midst of it, and also made a winepress therein: and he looked that it should bring forth grapes, and it brought forth wild grapes.
Isaiah 5:12	And the harp, and the viol, the tabret, and pipe, and wine, are in their feasts: but they regard not the work of the LORD, neither consider the operation of his hands.
Isaiah 5:22	Woe unto them that are mighty to drink wine, and men of strength to mingle strong drink:
Isaiah 6:2	Above it stood the seraphims: each one had six wings; with twain he covered his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and with twain he did fly.
Isaiah 6:12	And the LORD have removed men far away, and there be a great forsaking in the midst of the land.
Isaiah 7:9	And the head of Ephraim is Samaria, and the head of Samaria is Remaliah's son. If ye will not believe, surely ye shall not be established.
Isaiah 7:19	And they shall come, and shall rest all of them in the desolate valleys, and in the holes of the rocks, and upon all thorns, and upon all bushes.
Isaiah 8:4	For before the child shall have knowledge to cry, My father, and my mother, the riches of Damascus and the spoil of Samaria shall be taken away before the king of Assyria.
Isaiah 8:14	And he shall be for a sanctuary; but for a stone of stumbling and for a rock of offence to both the houses of Israel, for a gin and for a snare to the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Isaiah 9:2	The people that walked in darkness have seen a great light: they that dwell in the land of the shadow of death, upon them hath the light shined.
Isaiah 9:12	The Syrians before, and the Philistines behind; and they shall devour Israel with open mouth. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.
Isaiah 10:1	Woe unto them that decree unrighteous decrees, and that write grievousness which they have prescribed;
Isaiah 10:11	Shall I not, as I have done unto Samaria and her idols, so do to Jerusalem and her idols?
Isaiah 10:21	The remnant shall return, even the remnant of Jacob, unto the mighty God.
Isaiah 10:31	Madmenah is removed; the inhabitants of Gebim gather themselves to flee.
Isaiah 11:7	And the cow and the bear shall feed; their young ones shall lie down together: and the lion shall eat straw like the ox.
Isaiah 12:1	And in that day thou shalt say, O LORD, I will praise thee: though thou wast angry with me, thine anger is turned away, and thou comfortedst me.
Isaiah 13:5	They come from a far country, from the end of heaven, even the LORD, and the weapons of his indignation, to destroy the whole land.
Isaiah 13:15	Every one that is found shall be thrust through; and every one that is joined unto them shall fall by the sword.
Isaiah 14:3	And it shall come to pass in the day that the LORD shall give thee rest from thy sorrow, and from thy fear, and from the hard bondage wherein thou wast made to serve,
Isaiah 14:13	For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north:
Isaiah 14:23	I will also make it a possession for the bittern, and pools of water: and I will sweep it with the besom of destruction, saith the LORD of hosts.
Isaiah 15:1	The burden of Moab. Because in the night Ar of Moab is laid waste, and brought to silence; because in the night Kir of Moab is laid waste, and brought to silence;
Isaiah 16:2	For it shall be, that, as a wandering bird cast out of the nest, so the daughters of Moab shall be at the fords of Arnon.
Isaiah 16:12	And it shall come to pass, when it is seen that Moab is weary on the high place, that he shall come to his sanctuary to pray; but he shall not prevail.
Isaiah 17:8	And he shall not look to the altars, the work of his hands, neither shall respect that which his fingers have made, either the groves, or the images.
Isaiah 18:4	For so the LORD said unto me, I will take my rest, and I will consider in my dwelling place like a clear heat upon herbs, and like a cloud of dew in the heat of harvest.
Isaiah 19:7	The paper reeds by the brooks, by the mouth of the brooks, and every thing sown by the brooks, shall wither, be driven away, and be no more.
Isaiah 19:17	And the land of Judah shall be a terror unto Egypt, every one that maketh mention thereof shall be afraid in himself, because of the counsel of the LORD of hosts, which he hath determined against it.
Isaiah 20:2	At the same time spake the LORD by Isaiah the son of Amoz, saying, Go and loose the sackcloth from off thy loins, and put off thy shoe from thy foot. And he did so, walking naked and barefoot.
Isaiah 21:6	For thus hath the LORD said unto me, Go, set a watchman, let him declare what he seeth.
Isaiah 21:16	For thus hath the LORD said unto me, Within a year, according to the years of an hireling, and all the glory of Kedar shall fail:
Isaiah 22:9	Ye have seen also the breaches of the city of David, that they are many: and ye gathered together the waters of the lower pool.
Isaiah 22:19	And I will drive thee from thy station, and from thy state shall he pull thee down.
Isaiah 23:4	Be thou ashamed, O Zidon: for the sea hath spoken, even the strength of the sea, saying, I travail not, nor bring forth children, neither do I nourish up young men, nor bring up virgins.
Isaiah 23:14	Howl, ye ships of Tarshish: for your strength is laid waste.
Isaiah 24:6	Therefore hath the curse devoured the earth, and they that dwell therein are desolate: therefore the inhabitants of the earth are burned, and few men left.
Isaiah 24:16	From the uttermost part of the earth have we heard songs, even glory to the righteous. But I said, My leanness, my leanness, woe unto me! the treacherous dealers have dealt treacherously; yea, the treacherous dealers have dealt very treacherously.
Isaiah 25:3	Therefore shall the strong people glorify thee, the city of the terrible nations shall fear thee.
Isaiah 26:1	In that day shall this song be sung in the land of Judah; We have a strong city; salvation will God appoint for walls and bulwarks.
Isaiah 26:11	LORD, when thy hand is lifted up, they will not see: but they shall see, and be ashamed for their envy at the people; yea, the fire of thine enemies shall devour them.
Isaiah 26:21	For, behold, the LORD cometh out of his place to punish the inhabitants of the earth for their iniquity: the earth also shall disclose her blood, and shall no more cover her slain.
Isaiah 27:10	Yet the defenced city shall be desolate, and the habitation forsaken, and left like a wilderness: there shall the calf feed, and there shall he lie down, and consume the branches thereof.
Isaiah 28:7	But they also have erred through wine, and through strong drink are out of the way; the priest and the prophet have erred through strong drink, they are swallowed up of wine, they are out of the way through strong drink; they err in vision, they stumble in judgment.
Isaiah 28:17	Judgment also will I lay to the line, and righteousness to the plummet: and the hail shall sweep away the refuge of lies, and the waters shall overflow the hiding place.
Isaiah 28:27	For the fitches are not threshed with a threshing instrument, neither is a cart wheel turned about upon the cummin; but the fitches are beaten out with a staff, and the cummin with a rod.
Isaiah 29:8	It shall even be as when an hungry man dreameth, and, behold, he eateth; but he awaketh, and his soul is empty: or as when a thirsty man dreameth, and, behold, he drinketh; but he awaketh, and, behold, he is faint, and his soul hath appetite: so shall the multitude of all the nations be, that fight against mount Zion.
Isaiah 29:18	And in that day shall the deaf hear the words of the book, and the eyes of the blind shall see out of obscurity, and out of darkness.
Isaiah 30:4	For his princes were at Zoan, and his ambassadors came to Hanes.
Isaiah 30:14	And he shall break it as the breaking of the potters' vessel that is broken in pieces; he shall not spare: so that there shall not be found in the bursting of it a sherd to take fire from the hearth, or to take water withal out of the pit.
Isaiah 30:24	The oxen likewise and the young asses that ear the ground shall eat clean provender, which hath been winnowed with the shovel and with the fan.
Isaiah 31:1	Woe to them that go down to Egypt for help; and stay on horses, and trust in chariots, because they are many; and in horsemen, because they are very strong; but they look not unto the Holy One of Israel, neither seek the LORD!
Isaiah 32:2	And a man shall be as an hiding place from the wind, and a covert from the tempest; as rivers of water in a dry place, as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land.
Isaiah 32:12	They shall lament for the teats, for the pleasant fields, for the fruitful vine.
Isaiah 33:2	O LORD, be gracious unto us; we have waited for thee: be thou their arm every morning, our salvation also in the time of trouble.
Isaiah 33:12	And the people shall be as the burnings of lime: as thorns cut up shall they be burned in the fire.
Isaiah 33:22	For the LORD is our judge, the LORD is our lawgiver, the LORD is our king; he will save us.
Isaiah 34:8	For it is the day of the LORD's vengeance, and the year of recompences for the controversy of Zion.
Isaiah 35:1	The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them; and the desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose.
Isaiah 36:1	Now it came to pass in the fourteenth year of king Hezekiah, that Sennacherib king of Assyria came up against all the defenced cities of Judah, and took them.
Isaiah 36:11	Then said Eliakim and Shebna and Joah unto Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray thee, unto thy servants in the Syrian language; for we understand it: and speak not to us in the Jews' language, in the ears of the people that are on the wall.
Isaiah 36:21	But they held their peace, and answered him not a word: for the king's commandment was, saying, Answer him not.
Isaiah 37:9	And he heard say concerning Tirhakah king of Ethiopia, He is come forth to make war with thee. And when he heard it, he sent messengers to Hezekiah, saying,
Isaiah 37:19	And have cast their gods into the fire: for they were no gods, but the work of men's hands, wood and stone: therefore they have destroyed them.
Isaiah 37:29	Because thy rage against me, and thy tumult, is come up into mine ears, therefore will I put my hook in thy nose, and my bridle in thy lips, and I will turn thee back by the way by which thou camest.
Isaiah 38:1	In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz came unto him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order: for thou shalt die, and not live.
Isaiah 38:11	I said, I shall not see the LORD, even the LORD, in the land of the living: I shall behold man no more with the inhabitants of the world.
Isaiah 38:21	For Isaiah had said, Let them take a lump of figs, and lay it for a plaister upon the boil, and he shall recover.
Isaiah 40:1	Comfort ye, comfort ye my people, saith your God.
Isaiah 40:11	He shall feed his flock like a shepherd: he shall gather the lambs with his arm, and carry them in his bosom, and shall gently lead those that are with young.
Isaiah 40:21	Have ye not known? have ye not heard? hath it not been told you from the beginning? have ye not understood from the foundations of the earth?
Isaiah 40:31	But they that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.
Isaiah 41:10	Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness.
Isaiah 41:20	That they may see, and know, and consider, and understand together, that the hand of the LORD hath done this, and the Holy One of Israel hath created it.
Isaiah 42:1	Behold my servant, whom I uphold; mine elect, in whom my soul delighteth; I have put my spirit upon him: he shall bring forth judgment to the Gentiles.
Isaiah 42:11	Let the wilderness and the cities thereof lift up their voice, the villages that Kedar doth inhabit: let the inhabitants of the rock sing, let them shout from the top of the mountains.
Isaiah 42:21	The LORD is well pleased for his righteousness' sake; he will magnify the law, and make it honourable.
Isaiah 43:6	I will say to the north, Give up; and to the south, Keep not back: bring my sons from far, and my daughters from the ends of the earth;
Isaiah 43:16	Thus saith the LORD, which maketh a way in the sea, and a path in the mighty waters;
Isaiah 43:26	Put me in remembrance: let us plead together: declare thou, that thou mayest be justified.
Isaiah 44:8	Fear ye not, neither be afraid: have not I told thee from that time, and have declared it? ye are even my witnesses. Is there a God beside me? yea, there is no God; I know not any.
Isaiah 44:18	They have not known nor understood: for he hath shut their eyes, that they cannot see; and their hearts, that they cannot understand.
Isaiah 44:28	That saith of Cyrus, He is my shepherd, and shall perform all my pleasure: even saying to Jerusalem, Thou shalt be built; and to the temple, Thy foundation shall be laid.
Isaiah 45:10	Woe unto him that saith unto his father, What begettest thou? or to the woman, What hast thou brought forth?
Isaiah 45:20	Assemble yourselves and come; draw near together, ye that are escaped of the nations: they have no knowledge that set up the wood of their graven image, and pray unto a god that cannot save.
Isaiah 46:5	To whom will ye liken me, and make me equal, and compare me, that we may be like?
Isaiah 47:2	Take the millstones, and grind meal: uncover thy locks, make bare the leg, uncover the thigh, pass over the rivers.
Isaiah 47:12	Stand now with thine enchantments, and with the multitude of thy sorceries, wherein thou hast laboured from thy youth; if so be thou shalt be able to profit, if so be thou mayest prevail.
Isaiah 48:7	They are created now, and not from the beginning; even before the day when thou heardest them not; lest thou shouldest say, Behold, I knew them.
Isaiah 48:17	Thus saith the LORD, thy Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; I am the LORD thy God which teacheth thee to profit, which leadeth thee by the way that thou shouldest go.
Isaiah 49:5	And now, saith the LORD that formed me from the womb to be his servant, to bring Jacob again to him, Though Israel be not gathered, yet shall I be glorious in the eyes of the LORD, and my God shall be my strength.
Isaiah 49:15	Can a woman forget her sucking child, that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb? yea, they may forget, yet will I not forget thee.
Isaiah 49:25	But thus saith the LORD, Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken away, and the prey of the terrible shall be delivered: for I will contend with him that contendeth with thee, and I will save thy children.
Isaiah 50:9	Behold, the Lord GOD will help me; who is he that shall condemn me? lo, they all shall wax old as a garment; the moth shall eat them up.
Isaiah 51:8	For the moth shall eat them up like a garment, and the worm shall eat them like wool: but my righteousness shall be for ever, and my salvation from generation to generation.
Isaiah 51:18	There is none to guide her among all the sons whom she hath brought forth; neither is there any that taketh her by the hand of all the sons that she hath brought up.
Isaiah 52:5	Now therefore, what have I here, saith the LORD, that my people is taken away for nought? they that rule over them make them to howl, saith the LORD; and my name continually every day is blasphemed.
Isaiah 52:15	So shall he sprinkle many nations; the kings shall shut their mouths at him: for that which had not been told them shall they see; and that which they had not heard shall they consider.
Isaiah 53:10	Yet it pleased the LORD to bruise him; he hath put him to grief: when thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed, he shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the LORD shall prosper in his hand.
Isaiah 54:8	In a little wrath I hid my face from thee for a moment; but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the LORD thy Redeemer.
Isaiah 55:1	Ho, every one that thirsteth, come ye to the waters, and he that hath no money; come ye, buy, and eat; yea, come, buy wine and milk without money and without price.
Isaiah 55:11	So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it.
Isaiah 56:8	The Lord GOD, which gathereth the outcasts of Israel saith, Yet will I gather others to him, beside those that are gathered unto him.
Isaiah 57:6	Among the smooth stones of the stream is thy portion; they, they are thy lot: even to them hast thou poured a drink offering, thou hast offered a meat offering. Should I receive comfort in these?
Isaiah 57:16	For I will not contend for ever, neither will I be always wroth: for the spirit should fail before me, and the souls which I have made.
Isaiah 58:5	Is it such a fast that I have chosen? a day for a man to afflict his soul? is it to bow down his head as a bulrush, and to spread sackcloth and ashes under him? wilt thou call this a fast, and an acceptable day to the LORD?
Isaiah 59:1	Behold, the LORD's hand is not shortened, that it cannot save; neither his ear heavy, that it cannot hear:
Isaiah 59:11	We roar all like bears, and mourn sore like doves: we look for judgment, but there is none; for salvation, but it is far off from us.
Isaiah 59:21	As for me, this is my covenant with them, saith the LORD; My spirit that is upon thee, and my words which I have put in thy mouth, shall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out of the mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seed's seed, saith the LORD, from henceforth and for ever.
Isaiah 60:10	And the sons of strangers shall build up thy walls, and their kings shall minister unto thee: for in my wrath I smote thee, but in my favour have I had mercy on thee.
Isaiah 60:20	Thy sun shall no more go down; neither shall thy moon withdraw itself: for the LORD shall be thine everlasting light, and the days of thy mourning shall be ended.
Isaiah 61:8	For I the LORD love judgment, I hate robbery for burnt offering; and I will direct their work in truth, and I will make an everlasting covenant with them.
Isaiah 62:7	And give him no rest, till he establish, and till he make Jerusalem a praise in the earth.
Isaiah 63:5	And I looked, and there was none to help; and I wondered that there was none to uphold: therefore mine own arm brought salvation unto me; and my fury, it upheld me.
Isaiah 63:15	Look down from heaven, and behold from the habitation of thy holiness and of thy glory: where is thy zeal and thy strength, the sounding of thy bowels and of thy mercies toward me? are they restrained?
Isaiah 64:6	But we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away.
Isaiah 65:4	Which remain among the graves, and lodge in the monuments, which eat swine's flesh, and broth of abominable things is in their vessels;
Isaiah 65:14	Behold, my servants shall sing for joy of heart, but ye shall cry for sorrow of heart, and shall howl for vexation of spirit.
Isaiah 65:24	And it shall come to pass, that before they call, I will answer; and while they are yet speaking, I will hear.
Isaiah 66:9	Shall I bring to the birth, and not cause to bring forth? saith the LORD: shall I cause to bring forth, and shut the womb? saith thy God.
Isaiah 66:19	And I will set a sign among them, and I will send those that escape of them unto the nations, to Tarshish, Pul, and Lud, that draw the bow, to Tubal, and Javan, to the isles afar off, that have not heard my fame, neither have seen my glory; and they shall declare my glory among the Gentiles.
Jeremiah 1:5	Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.
Jeremiah 1:15	For, lo, I will call all the families of the kingdoms of the north, saith the LORD; and they shall come, and they shall set every one his throne at the entering of the gates of Jerusalem, and against all the walls thereof round about, and against all the cities of Judah.
Jeremiah 2:6	Neither said they, Where is the LORD that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, that led us through the wilderness, through a land of deserts and of pits, through a land of drought, and of the shadow of death, through a land that no man passed through, and where no man dwelt?
Jeremiah 2:16	Also the children of Noph and Tahapanes have broken the crown of thy head.
Jeremiah 2:26	As the thief is ashamed when he is found, so is the house of Israel ashamed; they, their kings, their princes, and their priests, and their prophets.
Jeremiah 2:36	Why gaddest thou about so much to change thy way? thou also shalt be ashamed of Egypt, as thou wast ashamed of Assyria.
Jeremiah 3:9	And it came to pass through the lightness of her whoredom, that she defiled the land, and committed adultery with stones and with stocks.
Jeremiah 3:19	But I said, How shall I put thee among the children, and give thee a pleasant land, a goodly heritage of the hosts of nations? and I said, Thou shalt call me, My father; and shalt not turn away from me.
Jeremiah 4:4	Circumcise yourselves to the LORD, and take away the foreskins of your heart, ye men of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem: lest my fury come forth like fire, and burn that none can quench it, because of the evil of your doings.
Jeremiah 4:14	O Jerusalem, wash thine heart from wickedness, that thou mayest be saved. How long shall thy vain thoughts lodge within thee?
Jeremiah 4:24	I beheld the mountains, and, lo, they trembled, and all the hills moved lightly.
Jeremiah 5:3	O LORD, are not thine eyes upon the truth? thou hast stricken them, but they have not grieved; thou hast consumed them, but they have refused to receive correction: they have made their faces harder than a rock; they have refused to return.
Jeremiah 5:13	And the prophets shall become wind, and the word is not in them: thus shall it be done unto them.
Jeremiah 5:23	But this people hath a revolting and a rebellious heart; they are revolted and gone.
Jeremiah 6:2	I have likened the daughter of Zion to a comely and delicate woman.
Jeremiah 6:12	And their houses shall be turned unto others, with their fields and wives together: for I will stretch out my hand upon the inhabitants of the land, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 6:22	Thus saith the LORD, Behold, a people cometh from the north country, and a great nation shall be raised from the sides of the earth.
Jeremiah 7:2	Stand in the gate of the LORD's house, and proclaim there this word, and say, Hear the word of the LORD, all ye of Judah, that enter in at these gates to worship the LORD.
Jeremiah 7:12	But go ye now unto my place which was in Shiloh, where I set my name at the first, and see what I did to it for the wickedness of my people Israel.
Jeremiah 7:22	For I spake not unto your fathers, nor commanded them in the day that I brought them out of the land of Egypt, concerning burnt offerings or sacrifices:
Jeremiah 7:32	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that it shall no more be called Tophet, nor the valley of the son of Hinnom, but the valley of slaughter: for they shall bury in Tophet, till there be no place.
Jeremiah 8:8	How do ye say, We are wise, and the law of the LORD is with us? Lo, certainly in vain made he it; the pen of the scribes is in vain.
Jeremiah 8:18	When I would comfort myself against sorrow, my heart is faint in me.
Jeremiah 9:6	Thine habitation is in the midst of deceit; through deceit they refuse to know me, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 9:16	I will scatter them also among the heathen, whom neither they nor their fathers have known: and I will send a sword after them, till I have consumed them.
Jeremiah 9:26	Egypt, and Judah, and Edom, and the children of Ammon, and Moab, and all that are in the utmost corners, that dwell in the wilderness: for all these nations are uncircumcised, and all the house of Israel are uncircumcised in the heart.
Jeremiah 10:10	But the LORD is the true God, he is the living God, and an everlasting king: at his wrath the earth shall tremble, and the nations shall not be able to abide his indignation.
Jeremiah 10:20	My tabernacle is spoiled, and all my cords are broken: my children are gone forth of me, and they are not: there is none to stretch forth my tent any more, and to set up my curtains.
Jeremiah 11:5	That I may perform the oath which I have sworn unto your fathers, to give them a land flowing with milk and honey, as it is this day. Then answered I, and said, So be it, O LORD.
Jeremiah 11:15	What hath my beloved to do in mine house, seeing she hath wrought lewdness with many, and the holy flesh is passed from thee? when thou doest evil, then thou rejoicest.
Jeremiah 12:2	Thou hast planted them, yea, they have taken root: they grow, yea, they bring forth fruit: thou art near in their mouth, and far from their reins.
Jeremiah 12:12	The spoilers are come upon all high places through the wilderness: for the sword of the LORD shall devour from the one end of the land even to the other end of the land: no flesh shall have peace.
Jeremiah 13:5	So I went, and hid it by Euphrates, as the LORD commanded me.
Jeremiah 13:15	Hear ye, and give ear; be not proud: for the LORD hath spoken.
Jeremiah 13:25	This is thy lot, the portion of thy measures from me, saith the LORD; because thou hast forgotten me, and trusted in falsehood.
Jeremiah 14:8	O the hope of Israel, the saviour thereof in time of trouble, why shouldest thou be as a stranger in the land, and as a wayfaring man that turneth aside to tarry for a night?
Jeremiah 14:18	If I go forth into the field, then behold the slain with the sword! and if I enter into the city, then behold them that are sick with famine! yea, both the prophet and the priest go about into a land that they know not.
Jeremiah 15:6	Thou hast forsaken me, saith the LORD, thou art gone backward: therefore will I stretch out my hand against thee, and destroy thee; I am weary with repenting.
Jeremiah 15:16	Thy words were found, and I did eat them; and thy word was unto me the joy and rejoicing of mine heart: for I am called by thy name, O LORD God of hosts.
Jeremiah 16:5	For thus saith the LORD, Enter not into the house of mourning, neither go to lament nor bemoan them: for I have taken away my peace from this people, saith the LORD, even lovingkindness and mercies.
Jeremiah 16:15	But, The LORD liveth, that brought up the children of Israel from the land of the north, and from all the lands whither he had driven them: and I will bring them again into their land that I gave unto their fathers.
Jeremiah 17:4	And thou, even thyself, shalt discontinue from thine heritage that I gave thee; and I will cause thee to serve thine enemies in the land which thou knowest not: for ye have kindled a fire in mine anger, which shall burn for ever.
Jeremiah 17:14	Heal me, O LORD, and I shall be healed; save me, and I shall be saved: for thou art my praise.
Jeremiah 17:24	And it shall come to pass, if ye diligently hearken unto me, saith the LORD, to bring in no burden through the gates of this city on the sabbath day, but hallow the sabbath day, to do no work therein;
Jeremiah 18:7	At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to pluck up, and to pull down, and to destroy it;
Jeremiah 18:17	I will scatter them as with an east wind before the enemy; I will shew them the back, and not the face, in the day of their calamity.
Jeremiah 19:4	Because they have forsaken me, and have estranged this place, and have burned incense in it unto other gods, whom neither they nor their fathers have known, nor the kings of Judah, and have filled this place with the blood of innocents;
Jeremiah 19:14	Then came Jeremiah from Tophet, whither the LORD had sent him to prophesy; and he stood in the court of the LORD's house; and said to all the people,
Jeremiah 20:9	Then I said, I will not make mention of him, nor speak any more in his name. But his word was in mine heart as a burning fire shut up in my bones, and I was weary with forbearing, and I could not stay.
Jeremiah 21:1	The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, when king Zedekiah sent unto him Pashur the son of Melchiah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, saying,
Jeremiah 21:11	And touching the house of the king of Judah, say, Hear ye the word of the LORD;
Jeremiah 22:7	And I will prepare destroyers against thee, every one with his weapons: and they shall cut down thy choice cedars, and cast them into the fire.
Jeremiah 22:17	But thine eyes and thine heart are not but for thy covetousness, and for to shed innocent blood, and for oppression, and for violence, to do it.
Jeremiah 22:27	But to the land whereunto they desire to return, thither shall they not return.
Jeremiah 23:7	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that they shall no more say, The LORD liveth, which brought up the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt;
Jeremiah 23:17	They say still unto them that despise me, The LORD hath said, Ye shall have peace; and they say unto every one that walketh after the imagination of his own heart, No evil shall come upon you.
Jeremiah 23:27	Which think to cause my people to forget my name by their dreams which they tell every man to his neighbour, as their fathers have forgotten my name for Baal.
Jeremiah 23:37	Thus shalt thou say to the prophet, What hath the LORD answered thee? and, What hath the LORD spoken?
Jeremiah 24:7	And I will give them an heart to know me, that I am the LORD: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God: for they shall return unto me with their whole heart.
Jeremiah 25:7	Yet ye have not hearkened unto me, saith the LORD; that ye might provoke me to anger with the works of your hands to your own hurt.
Jeremiah 25:17	Then took I the cup at the LORD's hand, and made all the nations to drink, unto whom the LORD had sent me:
Jeremiah 25:27	Therefore thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Drink ye, and be drunken, and spue, and fall, and rise no more, because of the sword which I will send among you.
Jeremiah 25:37	And the peaceable habitations are cut down because of the fierce anger of the LORD.
Jeremiah 26:9	Why hast thou prophesied in the name of the LORD, saying, This house shall be like Shiloh, and this city shall be desolate without an inhabitant? And all the people were gathered against Jeremiah in the house of the LORD.
Jeremiah 26:19	Did Hezekiah king of Judah and all Judah put him at all to death? did he not fear the LORD, and besought the LORD, and the LORD repented him of the evil which he had pronounced against them? Thus might we procure great evil against our souls.
Jeremiah 27:5	I have made the earth, the man and the beast that are upon the ground, by my great power and by my outstretched arm, and have given it unto whom it seemed meet unto me.
Jeremiah 27:15	For I have not sent them, saith the LORD, yet they prophesy a lie in my name; that I might drive you out, and that ye might perish, ye, and the prophets that prophesy unto you.
Jeremiah 28:3	Within two full years will I bring again into this place all the vessels of the LORD's house, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took away from this place, and carried them to Babylon:
Jeremiah 28:13	Go and tell Hananiah, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Thou hast broken the yokes of wood; but thou shalt make for them yokes of iron.
Jeremiah 29:6	Take ye wives, and beget sons and daughters; and take wives for your sons, and give your daughters to husbands, that they may bear sons and daughters; that ye may be increased there, and not diminished.
Jeremiah 29:16	Know that thus saith the LORD of the king that sitteth upon the throne of David, and of all the people that dwelleth in this city, and of your brethren that are not gone forth with you into captivity;
Jeremiah 29:26	The LORD hath made thee priest in the stead of Jehoiada the priest, that ye should be officers in the house of the LORD, for every man that is mad, and maketh himself a prophet, that thou shouldest put him in prison, and in the stocks.
Jeremiah 30:4	And these are the words that the LORD spake concerning Israel and concerning Judah.
Jeremiah 30:14	All thy lovers have forgotten thee; they seek thee not; for I have wounded thee with the wound of an enemy, with the chastisement of a cruel one, for the multitude of thine iniquity; because thy sins were increased.
Jeremiah 30:24	The fierce anger of the LORD shall not return, until he hath done it, and until he have performed the intents of his heart: in the latter days ye shall consider it.
Jeremiah 31:10	Hear the word of the LORD, O ye nations, and declare it in the isles afar off, and say, He that scattered Israel will gather him, and keep him, as a shepherd doth his flock.
Jeremiah 31:20	Is Ephraim my dear son? is he a pleasant child? for since I spake against him, I do earnestly remember him still: therefore my bowels are troubled for him; I will surely have mercy upon him, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 31:30	But every one shall die for his own iniquity: every man that eateth the sour grape, his teeth shall be set on edge.
Jeremiah 31:40	And the whole valley of the dead bodies, and of the ashes, and all the fields unto the brook of Kidron, unto the corner of the horse gate toward the east, shall be holy unto the LORD; it shall not be plucked up, nor thrown down any more for ever.
Jeremiah 32:10	And I subscribed the evidence, and sealed it, and took witnesses, and weighed him the money in the balances.
Jeremiah 32:20	Which hast set signs and wonders in the land of Egypt, even unto this day, and in Israel, and among other men; and hast made thee a name, as at this day;
Jeremiah 32:30	For the children of Israel and the children of Judah have only done evil before me from their youth: for the children of Israel have only provoked me to anger with the work of their hands, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 32:40	And I will make an everlasting covenant with them, that I will not turn away from them, to do them good; but I will put my fear in their hearts, that they shall not depart from me.
Jeremiah 33:6	Behold, I will bring it health and cure, and I will cure them, and will reveal unto them the abundance of peace and truth.
Jeremiah 33:16	In those days shall Judah be saved, and Jerusalem shall dwell safely: and this is the name wherewith she shall be called, The LORD our righteousness.
Jeremiah 33:26	Then will I cast away the seed of Jacob and David my servant, so that I will not take any of his seed to be rulers over the seed of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob: for I will cause their captivity to return, and have mercy on them.
Jeremiah 34:10	Now when all the princes, and all the people, which had entered into the covenant, heard that every one should let his manservant, and every one his maidservant, go free, that none should serve themselves of them any more, then they obeyed, and let them go.
Jeremiah 34:20	I will even give them into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of them that seek their life: and their dead bodies shall be for meat unto the fowls of the heaven, and to the beasts of the earth.
Jeremiah 35:8	Thus have we obeyed the voice of Jonadab the son of Rechab our father in all that he hath charged us, to drink no wine all our days, we, our wives, our sons, nor our daughters;
Jeremiah 35:18	And Jeremiah said unto the house of the Rechabites, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Because ye have obeyed the commandment of Jonadab your father, and kept all his precepts, and done according unto all that he hath commanded you:
Jeremiah 36:9	And it came to pass in the fifth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, in the ninth month, that they proclaimed a fast before the LORD to all the people in Jerusalem, and to all the people that came from the cities of Judah unto Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 36:19	Then said the princes unto Baruch, Go, hide thee, thou and Jeremiah; and let no man know where ye be.
Jeremiah 36:29	And thou shalt say to Jehoiakim king of Judah, Thus saith the LORD; Thou hast burned this roll, saying, Why hast thou written therein, saying, The king of Babylon shall certainly come and destroy this land, and shall cause to cease from thence man and beast?
Jeremiah 37:7	Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel; Thus shall ye say to the king of Judah, that sent you unto me to enquire of me; Behold, Pharaoh's army, which is come forth to help you, shall return to Egypt into their own land.
Jeremiah 37:17	Then Zedekiah the king sent, and took him out: and the king asked him secretly in his house, and said, Is there any word from the LORD? And Jeremiah said, There is: for, said he, thou shalt be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 38:6	Then took they Jeremiah, and cast him into the dungeon of Malchiah the son of Hammelech, that was in the court of the prison: and they let down Jeremiah with cords. And in the dungeon there was no water, but mire: so Jeremiah sunk in the mire.
Jeremiah 38:16	So Zedekiah the king sware secretly unto Jeremiah, saying, As the LORD liveth, that made us this soul, I will not put thee to death, neither will I give thee into the hand of these men that seek thy life.
Jeremiah 38:26	Then thou shalt say unto them, I presented my supplication before the king, that he would not cause me to return to Jonathan's house, to die there.
Jeremiah 39:8	And the Chaldeans burned the king's house, and the houses of the people, with fire, and brake down the walls of Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 39:18	For I will surely deliver thee, and thou shalt not fall by the sword, but thy life shall be for a prey unto thee: because thou hast put thy trust in me, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 40:10	As for me, behold, I will dwell at Mizpah, to serve the Chaldeans, which will come unto us: but ye, gather ye wine, and summer fruits, and oil, and put them in your vessels, and dwell in your cities that ye have taken.
Jeremiah 41:4	And it came to pass the second day after he had slain Gedaliah, and no man knew it,
Jeremiah 41:14	So all the people that Ishmael had carried away captive from Mizpah cast about and returned, and went unto Johanan the son of Kareah.
Jeremiah 42:6	Whether it be good, or whether it be evil, we will obey the voice of the LORD our God, to whom we send thee; that it may be well with us, when we obey the voice of the LORD our God.
Jeremiah 42:16	Then it shall come to pass, that the sword, which ye feared, shall overtake you there in the land of Egypt, and the famine, whereof ye were afraid, shall follow close after you there in Egypt; and there ye shall die.
Jeremiah 43:4	So Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces, and all the people, obeyed not the voice of the LORD, to dwell in the land of Judah.
Jeremiah 44:1	The word that came to Jeremiah concerning all the Jews which dwell in the land of Egypt, which dwell at Migdol, and at Tahpanhes, and at Noph, and in the country of Pathros, saying,
Jeremiah 44:11	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will set my face against you for evil, and to cut off all Judah.
Jeremiah 44:21	The incense that ye burned in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, ye, and your fathers, your kings, and your princes, and the people of the land, did not the LORD remember them, and came it not into his mind?
Jeremiah 45:1	The word that Jeremiah the prophet spake unto Baruch the son of Neriah, when he had written these words in a book at the mouth of Jeremiah, in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, saying,
Jeremiah 46:6	Let not the swift flee away, nor the mighty man escape; they shall stumble, and fall toward the north by the river Euphrates.
Jeremiah 46:16	He made many to fall, yea, one fell upon another: and they said, Arise, and let us go again to our own people, and to the land of our nativity, from the oppressing sword.
Jeremiah 46:26	And I will deliver them into the hand of those that seek their lives, and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of his servants: and afterward it shall be inhabited, as in the days of old, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 48:1	Against Moab thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Woe unto Nebo! for it is spoiled: Kiriathaim is confounded and taken: Misgab is confounded and dismayed.
Jeremiah 48:11	Moab hath been at ease from his youth, and he hath settled on his lees, and hath not been emptied from vessel to vessel, neither hath he gone into captivity: therefore his taste remained in him, and his scent is not changed.
Jeremiah 48:21	And judgment is come upon the plain country; upon Holon, and upon Jahazah, and upon Mephaath,
Jeremiah 48:31	Therefore will I howl for Moab, and I will cry out for all Moab; mine heart shall mourn for the men of Kirheres.
Jeremiah 48:41	Kerioth is taken, and the strong holds are surprised, and the mighty men's hearts in Moab at that day shall be as the heart of a woman in her pangs.
Jeremiah 49:4	Wherefore gloriest thou in the valleys, thy flowing valley, O backsliding daughter? that trusted in her treasures, saying, Who shall come unto me?
Jeremiah 49:14	I have heard a rumour from the LORD, and an ambassador is sent unto the heathen, saying, Gather ye together, and come against her, and rise up to the battle.
Jeremiah 49:24	Damascus is waxed feeble, and turneth herself to flee, and fear hath seized on her: anguish and sorrows have taken her, as a woman in travail.
Jeremiah 49:34	The word of the LORD that came to Jeremiah the prophet against Elam in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah, saying,
Jeremiah 50:5	They shall ask the way to Zion with their faces thitherward, saying, Come, and let us join ourselves to the LORD in a perpetual covenant that shall not be forgotten.
Jeremiah 50:15	Shout against her round about: she hath given her hand: her foundations are fallen, her walls are thrown down: for it is the vengeance of the LORD: take vengeance upon her; as she hath done, do unto her.
Jeremiah 50:25	The LORD hath opened his armoury, and hath brought forth the weapons of his indignation: for this is the work of the Lord GOD of hosts in the land of the Chaldeans.
Jeremiah 50:35	A sword is upon the Chaldeans, saith the LORD, and upon the inhabitants of Babylon, and upon her princes, and upon her wise men.
Jeremiah 50:45	Therefore hear ye the counsel of the LORD, that he hath taken against Babylon; and his purposes, that he hath purposed against the land of the Chaldeans: Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out: surely he shall make their habitation desolate with them.
Jeremiah 51:9	We would have healed Babylon, but she is not healed: forsake her, and let us go every one into his own country: for her judgment reacheth unto heaven, and is lifted up even to the skies.
Jeremiah 51:19	The portion of Jacob is not like them; for he is the former of all things: and Israel is the rod of his inheritance: the LORD of hosts is his name.
Jeremiah 51:29	And the land shall tremble and sorrow: for every purpose of the LORD shall be performed against Babylon, to make the land of Babylon a desolation without an inhabitant.
Jeremiah 51:39	In their heat I will make their feasts, and I will make them drunken, that they may rejoice, and sleep a perpetual sleep, and not wake, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 51:49	As Babylon hath caused the slain of Israel to fall, so at Babylon shall fall the slain of all the earth.
Jeremiah 51:59	The word which Jeremiah the prophet commanded Seraiah the son of Neriah, the son of Maaseiah, when he went with Zedekiah the king of Judah into Babylon in the fourth year of his reign. And this Seraiah was a quiet prince.
Jeremiah 52:5	So the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of king Zedekiah.
Jeremiah 52:15	Then Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive certain of the poor of the people, and the residue of the people that remained in the city, and those that fell away, that fell to the king of Babylon, and the rest of the multitude.
Jeremiah 52:25	He took also out of the city an eunuch, which had the charge of the men of war; and seven men of them that were near the king's person, which were found in the city; and the principal scribe of the host, who mustered the people of the land; and threescore men of the people of the land, that were found in the midst of the city.
Lamentations 1:1	How doth the city sit solitary, that was full of people! how is she become as a widow! she that was great among the nations, and princess among the provinces, how is she become tributary!
Lamentations 1:11	All her people sigh, they seek bread; they have given their pleasant things for meat to relieve the soul: see, O LORD, and consider; for I am become vile.
Lamentations 1:21	They have heard that I sigh: there is none to comfort me: all mine enemies have heard of my trouble; they are glad that thou hast done it: thou wilt bring the day that thou hast called, and they shall be like unto me.
Lamentations 2:9	Her gates are sunk into the ground; he hath destroyed and broken her bars: her king and her princes are among the Gentiles: the law is no more; her prophets also find no vision from the LORD.
Lamentations 2:19	Arise, cry out in the night: in the beginning of the watches pour out thine heart like water before the face of the LORD: lift up thy hands toward him for the life of thy young children, that faint for hunger in the top of every street.
Lamentations 3:7	He hath hedged me about, that I cannot get out: he hath made my chain heavy.
Lamentations 3:17	And thou hast removed my soul far off from peace: I forgat prosperity.
Lamentations 3:27	It is good for a man that he bear the yoke of his youth.
Lamentations 3:37	Who is he that saith, and it cometh to pass, when the Lord commandeth it not?
Lamentations 3:47	Fear and a snare is come upon us, desolation and destruction.
Lamentations 3:57	Thou drewest near in the day that I called upon thee: thou saidst, Fear not.
Lamentations 4:1	How is the gold become dim! how is the most fine gold changed! the stones of the sanctuary are poured out in the top of every street.
Lamentations 4:11	The LORD hath accomplished his fury; he hath poured out his fierce anger, and hath kindled a fire in Zion, and it hath devoured the foundations thereof.
Lamentations 4:21	Rejoice and be glad, O daughter of Edom, that dwellest in the land of Uz; the cup also shall pass through unto thee: thou shalt be drunken, and shalt make thyself naked.
Lamentations 5:9	We gat our bread with the peril of our lives because of the sword of the wilderness.
Lamentations 5:19	Thou, O LORD, remainest for ever; thy throne from generation to generation.
Ezekiel 1:7	And their feet were straight feet; and the sole of their feet was like the sole of a calf's foot: and they sparkled like the colour of burnished brass.
Ezekiel 1:17	When they went, they went upon their four sides: and they turned not when they went.
Ezekiel 1:27	And I saw as the colour of amber, as the appearance of fire round about within it, from the appearance of his loins even upward, and from the appearance of his loins even downward, I saw as it were the appearance of fire, and it had brightness round about.
Ezekiel 2:9	And when I looked, behold, an hand was sent unto me; and, lo, a roll of a book was therein;
Ezekiel 3:9	As an adamant harder than flint have I made thy forehead: fear them not, neither be dismayed at their looks, though they be a rebellious house.
Ezekiel 3:19	Yet if thou warn the wicked, and he turn not from his wickedness, nor from his wicked way, he shall die in his iniquity; but thou hast delivered thy soul.
Ezekiel 4:2	And lay siege against it, and build a fort against it, and cast a mount against it; set the camp also against it, and set battering rams against it round about.
Ezekiel 4:12	And thou shalt eat it as barley cakes, and thou shalt bake it with dung that cometh out of man, in their sight.
Ezekiel 5:5	Thus saith the Lord GOD; This is Jerusalem: I have set it in the midst of the nations and countries that are round about her.
Ezekiel 5:15	So it shall be a reproach and a taunt, an instruction and an astonishment unto the nations that are round about thee, when I shall execute judgments in thee in anger and in fury and in furious rebukes. I the LORD have spoken it.
Ezekiel 6:8	Yet will I leave a remnant, that ye may have some that shall escape the sword among the nations, when ye shall be scattered through the countries.
Ezekiel 7:4	And mine eye shall not spare thee, neither will I have pity: but I will recompense thy ways upon thee, and thine abominations shall be in the midst of thee: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 7:14	They have blown the trumpet, even to make all ready; but none goeth to the battle: for my wrath is upon all the multitude thereof.
Ezekiel 7:24	Wherefore I will bring the worst of the heathen, and they shall possess their houses: I will also make the pomp of the strong to cease; and their holy places shall be defiled.
Ezekiel 8:7	And he brought me to the door of the court; and when I looked, behold a hole in the wall.
Ezekiel 8:17	Then he said unto me, Hast thou seen this, O son of man? Is it a light thing to the house of Judah that they commit the abominations which they commit here? for they have filled the land with violence, and have returned to provoke me to anger: and, lo, they put the branch to their nose.
Ezekiel 9:9	Then said he unto me, The iniquity of the house of Israel and Judah is exceeding great, and the land is full of blood, and the city full of perverseness: for they say, The LORD hath forsaken the earth, and the LORD seeth not.
Ezekiel 10:8	And there appeared in the cherubims the form of a man's hand under their wings.
Ezekiel 10:18	Then the glory of the LORD departed from off the threshold of the house, and stood over the cherubims.
Ezekiel 11:6	Ye have multiplied your slain in this city, and ye have filled the streets thereof with the slain.
Ezekiel 11:16	Therefore say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Although I have cast them far off among the heathen, and although I have scattered them among the countries, yet will I be to them as a little sanctuary in the countries where they shall come.
Ezekiel 12:1	The word of the LORD also came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 12:11	Say, I am your sign: like as I have done, so shall it be done unto them: they shall remove and go into captivity.
Ezekiel 12:21	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 13:3	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe unto the foolish prophets, that follow their own spirit, and have seen nothing!
Ezekiel 13:13	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; I will even rend it with a stormy wind in my fury; and there shall be an overflowing shower in mine anger, and great hailstones in my fury to consume it.
Ezekiel 13:23	Therefore ye shall see no more vanity, nor divine divinations: for I will deliver my people out of your hand: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 14:10	And they shall bear the punishment of their iniquity: the punishment of the prophet shall be even as the punishment of him that seeketh unto him;
Ezekiel 14:20	Though Noah, Daniel, and Job were in it, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither son nor daughter; they shall but deliver their own souls by their righteousness.
Ezekiel 15:7	And I will set my face against them; they shall go out from one fire, and another fire shall devour them; and ye shall know that I am the LORD, when I set my face against them.
Ezekiel 16:9	Then washed I thee with water; yea, I throughly washed away thy blood from thee, and I anointed thee with oil.
Ezekiel 16:19	My meat also which I gave thee, fine flour, and oil, and honey, wherewith I fed thee, thou hast even set it before them for a sweet savour: and thus it was, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 16:29	Thou hast moreover multiplied thy fornication in the land of Canaan unto Chaldea; and yet thou wast not satisfied therewith.
Ezekiel 16:39	And I will also give thee into their hand, and they shall throw down thine eminent place, and shall break down thy high places: they shall strip thee also of thy clothes, and shall take thy fair jewels, and leave thee naked and bare.
Ezekiel 16:49	Behold, this was the iniquity of thy sister Sodom, pride, fulness of bread, and abundance of idleness was in her and in her daughters, neither did she strengthen the hand of the poor and needy.
Ezekiel 16:59	For thus saith the Lord GOD; I will even deal with thee as thou hast done, which hast despised the oath in breaking the covenant.
Ezekiel 17:6	And it grew, and became a spreading vine of low stature, whose branches turned toward him, and the roots thereof were under him: so it became a vine, and brought forth branches, and shot forth sprigs.
Ezekiel 17:16	As I live, saith the Lord GOD, surely in the place where the king dwelleth that made him king, whose oath he despised, and whose covenant he brake, even with him in the midst of Babylon he shall die.
Ezekiel 18:2	What mean ye, that ye use this proverb concerning the land of Israel, saying, The fathers have eaten sour grapes, and the children's teeth are set on edge?
Ezekiel 18:12	Hath oppressed the poor and needy, hath spoiled by violence, hath not restored the pledge, and hath lifted up his eyes to the idols, hath committed abomination,
Ezekiel 18:22	All his transgressions that he hath committed, they shall not be mentioned unto him: in his righteousness that he hath done he shall live.
Ezekiel 18:32	For I have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth, saith the Lord GOD: wherefore turn yourselves, and live ye.
Ezekiel 19:10	Thy mother is like a vine in thy blood, planted by the waters: she was fruitful and full of branches by reason of many waters.
Ezekiel 20:6	In the day that I lifted up mine hand unto them, to bring them forth of the land of Egypt into a land that I had espied for them, flowing with milk and honey, which is the glory of all lands:
Ezekiel 20:16	Because they despised my judgments, and walked not in my statutes, but polluted my sabbaths: for their heart went after their idols.
Ezekiel 20:26	And I polluted them in their own gifts, in that they caused to pass through the fire all that openeth the womb, that I might make them desolate, to the end that they might know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 20:36	Like as I pleaded with your fathers in the wilderness of the land of Egypt, so will I plead with you, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 20:46	Son of man, set thy face toward the south, and drop thy word toward the south, and prophesy against the forest of the south field;
Ezekiel 21:7	And it shall be, when they say unto thee, Wherefore sighest thou? that thou shalt answer, For the tidings; because it cometh: and every heart shall melt, and all hands shall be feeble, and every spirit shall faint, and all knees shall be weak as water: behold, it cometh, and shall be brought to pass, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 21:17	I will also smite mine hands together, and I will cause my fury to rest: I the LORD have said it.
Ezekiel 21:27	I will overturn, overturn, overturn, it: and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him.
Ezekiel 22:5	Those that be near, and those that be far from thee, shall mock thee, which art infamous and much vexed.
Ezekiel 22:15	And I will scatter thee among the heathen, and disperse thee in the countries, and will consume thy filthiness out of thee.
Ezekiel 22:25	There is a conspiracy of her prophets in the midst thereof, like a roaring lion ravening the prey; they have devoured souls; they have taken the treasure and precious things; they have made her many widows in the midst thereof.
Ezekiel 23:4	And the names of them were Aholah the elder, and Aholibah her sister: and they were mine, and they bare sons and daughters. Thus were their names; Samaria is Aholah, and Jerusalem Aholibah.
Ezekiel 23:14	And that she increased her whoredoms: for when she saw men pourtrayed upon the wall, the images of the Chaldeans pourtrayed with vermilion,
Ezekiel 23:24	And they shall come against thee with chariots, wagons, and wheels, and with an assembly of people, which shall set against thee buckler and shield and helmet round about: and I will set judgment before them, and they shall judge thee according to their judgments.
Ezekiel 23:34	Thou shalt even drink it and suck it out, and thou shalt break the sherds thereof, and pluck off thine own breasts: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 23:44	Yet they went in unto her, as they go in unto a woman that playeth the harlot: so went they in unto Aholah and unto Aholibah, the lewd women.
Ezekiel 24:5	Take the choice of the flock, and burn also the bones under it, and make it boil well, and let them seethe the bones of it therein.
Ezekiel 24:15	Also the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 24:25	Also, thou son of man, shall it not be in the day when I take from them their strength, the joy of their glory, the desire of their eyes, and that whereupon they set their minds, their sons and their daughters,
Ezekiel 25:8	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because that Moab and Seir do say, Behold, the house of Judah is like unto all the heathen;
Ezekiel 26:1	And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 26:11	With the hoofs of his horses shall he tread down all thy streets: he shall slay thy people by the sword, and thy strong garrisons shall go down to the ground.
Ezekiel 26:21	I will make thee a terror, and thou shalt be no more: though thou be sought for, yet shalt thou never be found again, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 27:10	They of Persia and of Lud and of Phut were in thine army, thy men of war: they hanged the shield and helmet in thee; they set forth thy comeliness.
Ezekiel 27:20	Dedan was thy merchant in precious clothes for chariots.
Ezekiel 27:30	And shall cause their voice to be heard against thee, and shall cry bitterly, and shall cast up dust upon their heads, they shall wallow themselves in the ashes:
Ezekiel 28:4	With thy wisdom and with thine understanding thou hast gotten thee riches, and hast gotten gold and silver into thy treasures:
Ezekiel 28:14	Thou art the anointed cherub that covereth; and I have set thee so: thou wast upon the holy mountain of God; thou hast walked up and down in the midst of the stones of fire.
Ezekiel 28:24	And there shall be no more a pricking brier unto the house of Israel, nor any grieving thorn of all that are round about them, that despised them; and they shall know that I am the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 29:8	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will bring a sword upon thee, and cut off man and beast out of thee.
Ezekiel 29:18	Son of man, Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon caused his army to serve a great service against Tyrus: every head was made bald, and every shoulder was peeled: yet had he no wages, nor his army, for Tyrus, for the service that he had served against it:
Ezekiel 30:7	And they shall be desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate, and her cities shall be in the midst of the cities that are wasted.
Ezekiel 30:17	The young men of Aven and of Pibeseth shall fall by the sword: and these cities shall go into captivity.
Ezekiel 31:1	And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the third month, in the first day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 31:11	I have therefore delivered him into the hand of the mighty one of the heathen; he shall surely deal with him: I have driven him out for his wickedness.
Ezekiel 32:3	Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will therefore spread out my net over thee with a company of many people; and they shall bring thee up in my net.
Ezekiel 32:13	I will destroy also all the beasts thereof from beside the great waters; neither shall the foot of man trouble them any more, nor the hoofs of beasts trouble them.
Ezekiel 32:23	Whose graves are set in the sides of the pit, and her company is round about her grave: all of them slain, fallen by the sword, which caused terror in the land of the living.
Ezekiel 33:1	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 33:11	Say unto them, As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked; but that the wicked turn from his way and live: turn ye, turn ye from your evil ways; for why will ye die, O house of Israel?
Ezekiel 33:21	And it came to pass in the twelfth year of our captivity, in the tenth month, in the fifth day of the month, that one that had escaped out of Jerusalem came unto me, saying, The city is smitten.
Ezekiel 33:31	And they come unto thee as the people cometh, and they sit before thee as my people, and they hear thy words, but they will not do them: for with their mouth they shew much love, but their heart goeth after their covetousness.
Ezekiel 34:8	As I live, saith the Lord GOD, surely because my flock became a prey, and my flock became meat to every beast of the field, because there was no shepherd, neither did my shepherds search for my flock, but the shepherds fed themselves, and fed not my flock;
Ezekiel 34:18	Seemeth it a small thing unto you to have eaten up the good pasture, but ye must tread down with your feet the residue of your pastures? and to have drunk of the deep waters, but ye must foul the residue with your feet?
Ezekiel 34:28	And they shall no more be a prey to the heathen, neither shall the beast of the land devour them; but they shall dwell safely, and none shall make them afraid.
Ezekiel 35:7	Thus will I make mount Seir most desolate, and cut off from it him that passeth out and him that returneth.
Ezekiel 36:2	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because the enemy hath said against you, Aha, even the ancient high places are ours in possession:
Ezekiel 36:12	Yea, I will cause men to walk upon you, even my people Israel; and they shall possess thee, and thou shalt be their inheritance, and thou shalt no more henceforth bereave them of men.
Ezekiel 36:22	Therefore say unto the house of Israel, thus saith the Lord GOD; I do not this for your sakes, O house of Israel, but for mine holy name's sake, which ye have profaned among the heathen, whither ye went.
Ezekiel 36:32	Not for your sakes do I this, saith the Lord GOD, be it known unto you: be ashamed and confounded for your own ways, O house of Israel.
Ezekiel 37:4	Again he said unto me, Prophesy upon these bones, and say unto them, O ye dry bones, hear the word of the LORD.
Ezekiel 37:14	And shall put my spirit in you, and ye shall live, and I shall place you in your own land: then shall ye know that I the LORD have spoken it, and performed it, saith the LORD.
Ezekiel 37:24	And David my servant shall be king over them; and they all shall have one shepherd: they shall also walk in my judgments, and observe my statutes, and do them.
Ezekiel 38:6	Gomer, and all his bands; the house of Togarmah of the north quarters, and all his bands: and many people with thee.
Ezekiel 38:16	And thou shalt come up against my people of Israel, as a cloud to cover the land; it shall be in the latter days, and I will bring thee against my land, that the heathen may know me, when I shall be sanctified in thee, O Gog, before their eyes.
Ezekiel 39:3	And I will smite thy bow out of thy left hand, and will cause thine arrows to fall out of thy right hand.
Ezekiel 39:13	Yea, all the people of the land shall bury them; and it shall be to them a renown the day that I shall be glorified, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 39:23	And the heathen shall know that the house of Israel went into captivity for their iniquity: because they trespassed against me, therefore hid I my face from them, and gave them into the hand of their enemies: so fell they all by the sword.
Ezekiel 40:4	And the man said unto me, Son of man, behold with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears, and set thine heart upon all that I shall shew thee; for to the intent that I might shew them unto thee art thou brought hither: declare all that thou seest to the house of Israel.
Ezekiel 40:14	He made also posts of threescore cubits, even unto the post of the court round about the gate.
Ezekiel 40:24	After that he brought me toward the south, and behold a gate toward the south: and he measured the posts thereof and the arches thereof according to these measures.
Ezekiel 40:34	And the arches thereof were toward the outward court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it had eight steps.
Ezekiel 40:44	And without the inner gate were the chambers of the singers in the inner court, which was at the side of the north gate; and their prospect was toward the south: one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north.
Ezekiel 41:5	After he measured the wall of the house, six cubits; and the breadth of every side chamber, four cubits, round about the house on every side.
Ezekiel 41:15	And he measured the length of the building over against the separate place which was behind it, and the galleries thereof on the one side and on the other side, an hundred cubits, with the inner temple, and the porches of the court;
Ezekiel 41:25	And there were made on them, on the doors of the temple, cherubims and palm trees, like as were made upon the walls; and there were thick planks upon the face of the porch without.
Ezekiel 42:9	And from under these chambers was the entry on the east side, as one goeth into them from the utter court.
Ezekiel 42:19	He turned about to the west side, and measured five hundred reeds with the measuring reed.
Ezekiel 43:9	Now let them put away their whoredom, and the carcases of their kings, far from me, and I will dwell in the midst of them for ever.
Ezekiel 43:19	And thou shalt give to the priests the Levites that be of the seed of Zadok, which approach unto me, to minister unto me, saith the Lord GOD, a young bullock for a sin offering.
Ezekiel 44:2	Then said the LORD unto me; This gate shall be shut, it shall not be opened, and no man shall enter in by it; because the LORD, the God of Israel, hath entered in by it, therefore it shall be shut.
Ezekiel 44:12	Because they ministered unto them before their idols, and caused the house of Israel to fall into iniquity; therefore have I lifted up mine hand against them, saith the Lord GOD, and they shall bear their iniquity.
Ezekiel 44:22	Neither shall they take for their wives a widow, nor her that is put away: but they shall take maidens of the seed of the house of Israel, or a widow that had a priest before.
Ezekiel 45:1	Moreover, when ye shall divide by lot the land for inheritance, ye shall offer an oblation unto the LORD, an holy portion of the land: the length shall be the length of five and twenty thousand reeds, and the breadth shall be ten thousand. This shall be holy in all the borders thereof round about.
Ezekiel 45:11	The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure, that the bath may contain the tenth part of an homer, and the ephah the tenth part of an homer: the measure thereof shall be after the homer.
Ezekiel 45:21	In the first month, in the fourteenth day of the month, ye shall have the passover, a feast of seven days; unleavened bread shall be eaten.
Ezekiel 46:6	And in the day of the new moon it shall be a young bullock without blemish, and six lambs, and a ram: they shall be without blemish.
Ezekiel 46:16	Thus saith the Lord GOD; If the prince give a gift unto any of his sons, the inheritance thereof shall be his sons'; it shall be their possession by inheritance.
Ezekiel 47:2	Then brought he me out of the way of the gate northward, and led me about the way without unto the utter gate by the way that looketh eastward; and, behold, there ran out waters on the right side.
Ezekiel 47:12	And by the river upon the bank thereof, on this side and on that side, shall grow all trees for meat, whose leaf shall not fade, neither shall the fruit thereof be consumed: it shall bring forth new fruit according to his months, because their waters they issued out of the sanctuary: and the fruit thereof shall be for meat, and the leaf thereof for medicine.
Ezekiel 47:22	And it shall come to pass, that ye shall divide it by lot for an inheritance unto you, and to the strangers that sojourn among you, which shall beget children among you: and they shall be unto you as born in the country among the children of Israel; they shall have inheritance with you among the tribes of Israel.
Ezekiel 48:9	The oblation that ye shall offer unto the LORD shall be of five and twenty thousand in length, and of ten thousand in breadth.
Ezekiel 48:19	And they that serve the city shall serve it out of all the tribes of Israel.
Ezekiel 48:29	This is the land which ye shall divide by lot unto the tribes of Israel for inheritance, and these are their portions, saith the Lord GOD.
Daniel 1:4	Children in whom was no blemish, but well favoured, and skilful in all wisdom, and cunning in knowledge, and understanding science, and such as had ability in them to stand in the king's palace, and whom they might teach the learning and the tongue of the Chaldeans.
Daniel 1:14	So he consented to them in this matter, and proved them ten days.
Daniel 2:3	And the king said unto them, I have dreamed a dream, and my spirit was troubled to know the dream.
Daniel 2:13	And the decree went forth that the wise men should be slain; and they sought Daniel and his fellows to be slain.
Daniel 2:23	I thank thee, and praise thee, O thou God of my fathers, who hast given me wisdom and might, and hast made known unto me now what we desired of thee: for thou hast now made known unto us the king's matter.
Daniel 2:33	His legs of iron, his feet part of iron and part of clay.
Daniel 2:43	And whereas thou sawest iron mixed with miry clay, they shall mingle themselves with the seed of men: but they shall not cleave one to another, even as iron is not mixed with clay.
Daniel 3:4	Then an herald cried aloud, To you it is commanded, O people, nations, and languages,
Daniel 3:14	Nebuchadnezzar spake and said unto them, Is it true, O Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, do not ye serve my gods, nor worship the golden image which I have set up?
Daniel 3:24	Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astonied, and rose up in haste, and spake, and said unto his counsellors, Did not we cast three men bound into the midst of the fire? They answered and said unto the king, True, O king.
Daniel 4:4	I Nebuchadnezzar was at rest in mine house, and flourishing in my palace:
Daniel 4:14	He cried aloud, and said thus, Hew down the tree, and cut off his branches, shake off his leaves, and scatter his fruit: let the beasts get away from under it, and the fowls from his branches:
Daniel 4:24	This is the interpretation, O king, and this is the decree of the most High, which is come upon my lord the king:
Daniel 4:34	And at the end of the days I Nebuchadnezzar lifted up mine eyes unto heaven, and mine understanding returned unto me, and I blessed the most High, and I praised and honoured him that liveth for ever, whose dominion is an everlasting dominion, and his kingdom is from generation to generation:
Daniel 5:7	The king cried aloud to bring in the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers. And the king spake, and said to the wise men of Babylon, Whosoever shall read this writing, and shew me the interpretation thereof, shall be clothed with scarlet, and have a chain of gold about his neck, and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom.
Daniel 5:17	Then Daniel answered and said before the king, Let thy gifts be to thyself, and give thy rewards to another; yet I will read the writing unto the king, and make known to him the interpretation.
Daniel 5:27	TEKEL; Thou art weighed in the balances, and art found wanting.
Daniel 6:6	Then these presidents and princes assembled together to the king, and said thus unto him, King Darius, live for ever.
Daniel 6:16	Then the king commanded, and they brought Daniel, and cast him into the den of lions. Now the king spake and said unto Daniel, Thy God whom thou servest continually, he will deliver thee.
Daniel 6:26	I make a decree, That in every dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the God of Daniel: for he is the living God, and stedfast for ever, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed, and his dominion shall be even unto the end.
Daniel 7:8	I considered the horns, and, behold, there came up among them another little horn, before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots: and, behold, in this horn were eyes like the eyes of man, and a mouth speaking great things.
Daniel 7:18	But the saints of the most High shall take the kingdom, and possess the kingdom for ever, even for ever and ever.
Daniel 7:28	Hitherto is the end of the matter. As for me Daniel, my cogitations much troubled me, and my countenance changed in me: but I kept the matter in my heart.
Daniel 8:10	And it waxed great, even to the host of heaven; and it cast down some of the host and of the stars to the ground, and stamped upon them.
Daniel 8:20	The ram which thou sawest having two horns are the kings of Media and Persia.
Daniel 9:3	And I set my face unto the Lord God, to seek by prayer and supplications, with fasting, and sackcloth, and ashes:
Daniel 9:13	As it is written in the law of Moses, all this evil is come upon us: yet made we not our prayer before the LORD our God, that we might turn from our iniquities, and understand thy truth.
Daniel 9:23	At the beginning of thy supplications the commandment came forth, and I am come to shew thee; for thou art greatly beloved: therefore understand the matter, and consider the vision.
Daniel 10:6	His body also was like the beryl, and his face as the appearance of lightning, and his eyes as lamps of fire, and his arms and his feet like in colour to polished brass, and the voice of his words like the voice of a multitude.
Daniel 10:16	And, behold, one like the similitude of the sons of men touched my lips: then I opened my mouth, and spake, and said unto him that stood before me, O my lord, by the vision my sorrows are turned upon me, and I have retained no strength.
Daniel 11:5	And the king of the south shall be strong, and one of his princes; and he shall be strong above him, and have dominion; his dominion shall be a great dominion.
Daniel 11:15	So the king of the north shall come, and cast up a mount, and take the most fenced cities: and the arms of the south shall not withstand, neither his chosen people, neither shall there be any strength to withstand.
Daniel 11:25	And he shall stir up his power and his courage against the king of the south with a great army; and the king of the south shall be stirred up to battle with a very great and mighty army; but he shall not stand: for they shall forecast devices against him.
Daniel 11:35	And some of them of understanding shall fall, to try them, and to purge, and to make them white, even to the time of the end: because it is yet for a time appointed.
Daniel 11:45	And he shall plant the tabernacles of his palace between the seas in the glorious holy mountain; yet he shall come to his end, and none shall help him.
Daniel 12:10	Many shall be purified, and made white, and tried; but the wicked shall do wickedly: and none of the wicked shall understand; but the wise shall understand.
Hosea 1:7	But I will have mercy upon the house of Judah, and will save them by the LORD their God, and will not save them by bow, nor by sword, nor by battle, by horses, nor by horsemen.
Hosea 2:6	Therefore, behold, I will hedge up thy way with thorns, and make a wall, that she shall not find her paths.
Hosea 2:16	And it shall be at that day, saith the LORD, that thou shalt call me Ishi; and shalt call me no more Baali.
Hosea 3:3	And I said unto her, Thou shalt abide for me many days; thou shalt not play the harlot, and thou shalt not be for another man: so will I also be for thee.
Hosea 4:8	They eat up the sin of my people, and they set their heart on their iniquity.
Hosea 4:18	Their drink is sour: they have committed whoredom continually: her rulers with shame do love, Give ye.
Hosea 5:9	Ephraim shall be desolate in the day of rebuke: among the tribes of Israel have I made known that which shall surely be.
Hosea 6:4	O Ephraim, what shall I do unto thee? O Judah, what shall I do unto thee? for your goodness is as a morning cloud, and as the early dew it goeth away.
Hosea 7:3	They make the king glad with their wickedness, and the princes with their lies.
Hosea 7:13	Woe unto them! for they have fled from me: destruction unto them! because they have transgressed against me: though I have redeemed them, yet they have spoken lies against me.
Hosea 8:7	For they have sown the wind, and they shall reap the whirlwind: it hath no stalk; the bud shall yield no meal: if so be it yield, the strangers shall swallow it up.
Hosea 9:3	They shall not dwell in the LORD's land; but Ephraim shall return to Egypt, and they shall eat unclean things in Assyria.
Hosea 9:13	Ephraim, as I saw Tyrus, is planted in a pleasant place: but Ephraim shall bring forth his children to the murderer.
Hosea 10:6	It shall be also carried unto Assyria for a present to king Jareb: Ephraim shall receive shame, and Israel shall be ashamed of his own counsel.
Hosea 11:1	When Israel was a child, then I loved him, and called my son out of Egypt.
Hosea 11:11	They shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt, and as a dove out of the land of Assyria: and I will place them in their houses, saith the LORD.
Hosea 12:9	And I that am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt will yet make thee to dwell in tabernacles, as in the days of the solemn feast.
Hosea 13:5	I did know thee in the wilderness, in the land of great drought.
Hosea 13:15	Though he be fruitful among his brethren, an east wind shall come, the wind of the LORD shall come up from the wilderness, and his spring shall become dry, and his fountain shall be dried up: he shall spoil the treasure of all pleasant vessels.
Hosea 14:9	Who is wise, and he shall understand these things? prudent, and he shall know them? for the ways of the LORD are right, and the just shall walk in them: but the transgressors shall fall therein.
Joel 1:10	The field is wasted, the land mourneth; for the corn is wasted: the new wine is dried up, the oil languisheth.
Joel 1:20	The beasts of the field cry also unto thee: for the rivers of waters are dried up, and the fire hath devoured the pastures of the wilderness.
Joel 2:10	The earth shall quake before them; the heavens shall tremble: the sun and the moon shall be dark, and the stars shall withdraw their shining:
Joel 2:20	But I will remove far off from you the northern army, and will drive him into a land barren and desolate, with his face toward the east sea, and his hinder part toward the utmost sea, and his stink shall come up, and his ill savour shall come up, because he hath done great things.
Joel 2:30	And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke.
Joel 3:8	And I will sell your sons and your daughters into the hand of the children of Judah, and they shall sell them to the Sabeans, to a people far off: for the LORD hath spoken it.
Joel 3:18	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the mountains shall drop down new wine, and the hills shall flow with milk, and all the rivers of Judah shall flow with waters, and a fountain shall come forth out of the house of the LORD, and shall water the valley of Shittim.
Amos 1:7	But I will send a fire on the wall of Gaza, which shall devour the palaces thereof:
Amos 2:2	But I will send a fire upon Moab, and it shall devour the palaces of Kirioth: and Moab shall die with tumult, with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet:
Amos 2:12	But ye gave the Nazarites wine to drink; and commanded the prophets, saying, Prophesy not.
Amos 3:6	Shall a trumpet be blown in the city, and the people not be afraid? shall there be evil in a city, and the LORD hath not done it?
Amos 4:1	Hear this word, ye kine of Bashan, that are in the mountain of Samaria, which oppress the poor, which crush the needy, which say to their masters, Bring, and let us drink.
Amos 4:11	I have overthrown some of you, as God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah, and ye were as a firebrand plucked out of the burning: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.
Amos 5:8	Seek him that maketh the seven stars and Orion, and turneth the shadow of death into the morning, and maketh the day dark with night: that calleth for the waters of the sea, and poureth them out upon the face of the earth: The LORD is his name:
Amos 5:18	Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD! to what end is it for you? the day of the LORD is darkness, and not light.
Amos 6:1	Woe to them that are at ease in Zion, and trust in the mountain of Samaria, which are named chief of the nations, to whom the house of Israel came!
Amos 6:11	For, behold, the LORD commandeth, and he will smite the great house with breaches, and the little house with clefts.
Amos 7:7	Thus he shewed me: and, behold, the LORD stood upon a wall made by a plumbline, with a plumbline in his hand.
Amos 7:17	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Thy wife shall be an harlot in the city, and thy sons and thy daughters shall fall by the sword, and thy land shall be divided by line; and thou shalt die in a polluted land: and Israel shall surely go into captivity forth of his land.
Amos 8:10	And I will turn your feasts into mourning, and all your songs into lamentation; and I will bring up sackcloth upon all loins, and baldness upon every head; and I will make it as the mourning of an only son, and the end thereof as a bitter day.
Amos 9:6	It is he that buildeth his stories in the heaven, and hath founded his troop in the earth; he that c|alleth for the waters of the sea, and poureth them out upon the face of the earth: The LORD is his name.
Obadiah 1:1	The vision of Obadiah. Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning Edom; We have heard a rumour from the LORD, and an ambassador is sent among the heathen, Arise ye, and let us rise up against her in battle.
Obadiah 1:11	In the day that thou stoodest on the other side, in the day that the strangers carried away captive his forces, and foreigners entered into his gates, and cast lots upon Jerusalem, even thou wast as one of them.
Obadiah 1:21	And saviours shall come up on mount Zion to judge the mount of Esau; and the kingdom shall be the LORD's.
Jonah 1:10	Then were the men exceedingly afraid, and said unto him. Why hast thou done this? For the men knew that he fled from the presence of the LORD, because he had told them.
Jonah 2:3	For thou hadst cast me into the deep, in the midst of the seas; and the floods compassed me about: all thy billows and thy waves passed over me.
Jonah 3:3	So Jonah arose, and went unto Nineveh, according to the word of the LORD. Now Nineveh was an exceeding great city of three days' journey.
Jonah 4:3	Therefore now, O LORD, take, I beseech thee, my life from me; for it is better for me to die than to live.
Micah 1:2	Hear, all ye people; hearken, O earth, and all that therein is: and let the Lord GOD be witness against you, the LORD from his holy temple.
Micah 1:12	For the inhabitant of Maroth waited carefully for good: but evil came down from the LORD unto the gate of Jerusalem.
Micah 2:6	Prophesy ye not, say they to them that prophesy: they shall not prophesy to them, that they shall not take shame.
Micah 3:3	Who also eat the flesh of my people, and flay their skin from off them; and they break their bones, and chop them in pieces, as for the pot, and as flesh within the caldron.
Micah 4:1	But in the last days it shall come to pass, that the mountain of the house of the LORD shall be established in the top of the mountains, and it shall be exalted above the hills; and people shall flow unto it.
Micah 4:11	Now also many nations are gathered against thee, that say, Let her be defiled, and let our eye look upon Zion.
Micah 5:8	And the remnant of Jacob shall be among the Gentiles in the midst of many people as a lion among the beasts of the forest, as a young lion among the flocks of sheep: who, if he go through, both treadeth down, and teareth in pieces, and none can deliver.
Micah 6:3	O my people, what have I done unto thee? and wherein have I wearied thee? testify against me.
Micah 6:13	Therefore also will I make thee sick in smiting thee, in making thee desolate because of thy sins.
Micah 7:7	Therefore I will look unto the LORD; I will wait for the God of my salvation: my God will hear me.
Micah 7:17	They shall lick the dust like a serpent, they shall move out of their holes like worms of the earth: they shall be afraid of the LORD our God, and shall fear because of thee.
Nahum 1:7	The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him.
Nahum 2:2	For the LORD hath turned away the excellency of Jacob, as the excellency of Israel: for the emptiers have emptied them out, and marred their vine branches.
Nahum 2:12	The lion did tear in pieces enough for his whelps, and strangled for his lionesses, and filled his holes with prey, and his dens with ravin.
Nahum 3:9	Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, and it was infinite; Put and Lubim were thy helpers.
Nahum 3:19	There is no healing of thy bruise; thy wound is grievous: all that hear the bruit of thee shall clap the hands over thee: for upon whom hath not thy wickedness passed continually?
Habakkuk 1:10	And they shall scoff at the kings, and the princes shall be a scorn unto them: they shall deride every strong hold; for they shall heap dust, and take it.
Habakkuk 2:3	For the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak, and not lie: though it tarry, wait for it; because it will surely come, it will not tarry.
Habakkuk 2:13	Behold, is it not of the LORD of hosts that the people shall labour in the very fire, and the people shall weary themselves for very vanity?
Habakkuk 3:3	God came from Teman, and the Holy One from mount Paran. Selah. His glory covered the heavens, and the earth was full of his praise.
Habakkuk 3:13	Thou wentest forth for the salvation of thy people, even for salvation with thine anointed; thou woundedst the head out of the house of the wicked, by discovering the foundation unto the neck. Selah.
Zephaniah 1:4	I will also stretch out mine hand upon Judah, and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off the remnant of Baal from this place, and the name of the Chemarims with the priests;
Zephaniah 1:14	The great day of the LORD is near, it is near, and hasteth greatly, even the voice of the day of the LORD: the mighty man shall cry there bitterly.
Zephaniah 2:6	And the sea coast shall be dwellings and cottages for shepherds, and folds for flocks.
Zephaniah 3:1	Woe to her that is filthy and polluted, to the oppressing city!
Zephaniah 3:11	In that day shalt thou not be ashamed for all thy doings, wherein thou hast transgressed against me: for then I will take away out of the midst of thee them that rejoice in thy pride, and thou shalt no more be haughty because of my holy mountain.
Haggai 1:1	In the second year of Darius the king, in the sixth month, in the first day of the month, came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet unto Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and to Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, saying,
Haggai 1:11	And I called for a drought upon the land, and upon the mountains, and upon the corn, and upon the new wine, and upon the oil, and upon that which the ground bringeth forth, and upon men, and upon cattle, and upon all the labour of the hands.
Haggai 2:6	For thus saith the LORD of hosts; Yet once, it is a little while, and I will shake the heavens, and the earth, and the sea, and the dry land;
Haggai 2:16	Since those days were, when one came to an heap of twenty measures, there were but ten: when one came to the pressfat for to draw out fifty vessels out of the press, there were but twenty.
Zechariah 1:3	Therefore say thou unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Turn ye unto me, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will turn unto you, saith the LORD of hosts.
Zechariah 1:13	And the LORD answered the angel that talked with me with good words and comfortable words.
Zechariah 2:2	Then said I, Whither goest thou? And he said unto me, To measure Jerusalem, to see what is the breadth thereof, and what is the length thereof.
Zechariah 2:12	And the LORD shall inherit Judah his portion in the holy land, and shall choose Jerusalem again.
Zechariah 3:9	For behold the stone that I have laid before Joshua; upon one stone shall be seven eyes: behold, I will engrave the graving thereof, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day.
Zechariah 4:9	The hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house; his hands shall also finish it; and thou shalt know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you.
Zechariah 5:5	Then the angel that talked with me went forth, and said unto me, Lift up now thine eyes, and see what is this that goeth forth.
Zechariah 6:4	Then I answered and said unto the angel that talked with me, What are these, my lord?
Zechariah 6:14	And the crowns shall be to Helem, and to Tobijah, and to Jedaiah, and to Hen the son of Zephaniah, for a memorial in the temple of the LORD.
Zechariah 7:9	Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, saying, Execute true judgment, and shew mercy and compassions every man to his brother:
Zechariah 8:5	And the streets of the city shall be full of boys and girls playing in the streets thereof.
Zechariah 8:15	So again have I thought in these days to do well unto Jerusalem and to the house of Judah: fear ye not.
Zechariah 9:2	And Hamath also shall border thereby; Tyrus, and Zidon, though it be very wise.
Zechariah 9:12	Turn you to the strong hold, ye prisoners of hope: even to day do I declare that I will render double unto thee;
Zechariah 10:5	And they shall be as mighty men, which tread down their enemies in the mire of the streets in the battle: and they shall fight, because the LORD is with them, and the riders on horses shall be confounded.
Zechariah 11:3	There is a voice of the howling of the shepherds; for their glory is spoiled: a voice of the roaring of young lions; for the pride of Jordan is spoiled.
Zechariah 11:13	And the LORD said unto me, Cast it unto the potter: a goodly price that I was prised at of them. And I took the thirty pieces of silver, and cast them to the potter in the house of the LORD.
Zechariah 12:6	In that day will I make the governors of Judah like an hearth of fire among the wood, and like a torch of fire in a sheaf; and they shall devour all the people round about, on the right hand and on the left: and Jerusalem shall be inhabited again in her own place, even in Jerusalem.
Zechariah 13:2	And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD of hosts, that I will cut off the names of the idols out of the land, and they shall no more be remembered: and also I will cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to pass out of the land.
Zechariah 14:3	Then shall the LORD go forth, and fight against those nations, as when he fought in the day of battle.
Zechariah 14:13	And it shall come to pass in that day, that a great tumult from the LORD shall be among them; and they shall lay hold every one on the hand of his neighbour, and his hand shall rise up against the hand of his neighbour.
Malachi 1:2	I have loved you, saith the LORD. Yet ye say, Wherein hast thou loved us? Was not Esau Jacob's brother? saith the LORD: yet I loved Jacob,
Malachi 1:12	But ye have profaned it, in that ye say, The table of the LORD is polluted; and the fruit thereof, even his meat, is contemptible.
Malachi 2:8	But ye are departed out of the way; ye have caused many to stumble at the law; ye have corrupted the covenant of Levi, saith the LORD of hosts.
Malachi 3:1	Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me: and the LORD, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in: behold, he shall come, saith the LORD of hosts.
Malachi 3:11	And I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground; neither shall your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field, saith the LORD of hosts.
Malachi 4:3	And ye shall tread down the wicked; for they shall be ashes under the soles of your feet in the day that I shall do this, saith the LORD of hosts.
Matthew 1:7	And Solomon begat Roboam; and Roboam begat Abia; and Abia begat Asa;
Matthew 1:17	So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations; and from David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations; and from the carrying away into Babylon unto Christ are fourteen generations.
Matthew 2:2	Saying, Where is he that is born King of the Jews? for we have seen his star in the east, and are come to worship him.
Matthew 2:12	And being warned of God in a dream that they should not return to Herod, they departed into their own country another way.
Matthew 2:22	But when he heard that Archelaus did reign in Judaea in the room of his father Herod, he was afraid to go thither: notwithstanding, being warned of God in a dream, he turned aside into the parts of Galilee:
Matthew 3:9	And think not to say within yourselves, We have Abraham to our father: for I say unto you, that God is able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham.
Matthew 4:2	And when he had fasted forty days and forty nights, he was afterward an hungred.
Matthew 4:12	Now when Jesus had heard that John was cast into prison, he departed into Galilee;
Matthew 4:22	And they immediately left the ship and their father, and followed him.
Matthew 5:7	Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy.
Matthew 5:17	Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil.
Matthew 5:27	Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery:
Matthew 5:37	But let your communication be, Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.
Matthew 5:47	And if ye salute your brethren only, what do ye more than others? do not even the publicans so?
Matthew 6:9	After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name.
Matthew 6:19	Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal:
Matthew 6:29	And yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.
Matthew 7:5	Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother's eye.
Matthew 7:15	Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves.
Matthew 7:25	And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell not: for it was founded upon a rock.
Matthew 8:6	And saying, Lord, my servant lieth at home sick of the palsy, grievously tormented.
Matthew 8:16	When the even was come, they brought unto him many that were possessed with devils: and he cast out the spirits with his word, and healed all that were sick:
Matthew 8:26	And he saith unto them, Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith? Then he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm.
Matthew 9:2	And, behold, they brought to him a man sick of the palsy, lying on a bed: and Jesus seeing their faith said unto the sick of the palsy; Son, be of good cheer; thy sins be forgiven thee.
Matthew 9:12	But when Jesus heard that, he said unto them, They that be whole need not a physician, but they that are sick.
Matthew 9:22	But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.
Matthew 9:32	As they went out, behold, they brought to him a dumb man possessed with a devil.
Matthew 10:4	Simon the Canaanite, and Judas Iscariot, who also betrayed him.
Matthew 10:14	And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear your words, when ye depart out of that house or city, shake off the dust of your feet.
Matthew 10:24	The disciple is not above his master, nor the servant above his lord.
Matthew 10:34	Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword.
Matthew 11:2	Now when John had heard in the prison the works of Christ, he sent two of his disciples,
Matthew 11:12	And from the days of John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent take it by force.
Matthew 11:22	But I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the day of judgment, than for you.
Matthew 12:2	But when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto him, Behold, thy disciples do that which is not lawful to do upon the sabbath day.
Matthew 12:12	How much then is a man better than a sheep? Wherefore it is lawful to do well on the sabbath days.
Matthew 12:22	Then was brought unto him one possessed with a devil, blind, and dumb: and he healed him, insomuch that the blind and dumb both spake and saw.
Matthew 12:32	And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.
Matthew 12:42	The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.
Matthew 13:2	And great multitudes were gathered together unto him, so that he went into a ship, and sat; and the whole multitude stood on the shore.
Matthew 13:12	For whosoever hath, to him shall be given, and he shall have more abundance: but whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken away even that he hath.
Matthew 13:22	He also that received seed among the thorns is he that heareth the word; and the care of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches, choke the word, and he becometh unfruitful.
Matthew 13:32	Which indeed is the least of all seeds: but when it is grown, it is the greatest among herbs, and becometh a tree, so that the birds of the air come and lodge in the branches thereof.
Matthew 13:42	And shall cast them into a furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.
Matthew 13:52	Then said he unto them, Therefore every scribe which is instructed unto the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which bringeth forth out of his treasure things new and old.
Matthew 14:4	For John said unto him, It is not lawful for thee to have her.
Matthew 14:14	And Jesus went forth, and saw a great multitude, and was moved with compassion toward them, and he healed their sick.
Matthew 14:24	But the ship was now in the midst of the sea, tossed with waves: for the wind was contrary.
Matthew 14:34	And when they were gone over, they came into the land of Gennesaret.
Matthew 15:8	This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me.
Matthew 15:18	But those things which proceed out of the mouth come forth from the heart; and they defile the man.
Matthew 15:28	Then Jesus answered and said unto her, O woman, great is thy faith: be it unto thee even as thou wilt. And her daughter was made whole from that very hour.
Matthew 15:38	And they that did eat were four thousand men, beside women and children.
Matthew 16:9	Do ye not yet understand, neither remember the five loaves of the five thousand, and how many baskets ye took up?
Matthew 16:19	And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.
Matthew 17:1	And after six days Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, and bringeth them up into an high mountain apart,
Matthew 17:11	And Jesus answered and said unto them, Elias truly shall first come, and restore all things.
Matthew 17:21	Howbeit this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting.
Matthew 18:4	Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 18:14	Even so it is not the will of your Father which is in heaven, that one of these little ones should perish.
Matthew 18:24	And when he had begun to reckon, one was brought unto him, which owed him ten thousand talents.
Matthew 18:34	And his lord was wroth, and delivered him to the tormentors, till he should pay all that was due unto him.
Matthew 19:9	And I say unto you, Whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication, and shall marry another, committeth adultery: and whoso marrieth her which is put away doth commit adultery.
Matthew 19:19	Honour thy father and thy mother: and, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
Matthew 19:29	And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life.
Matthew 20:9	And when they came that were hired about the eleventh hour, they received every man a penny.
Matthew 20:19	And shall deliver him to the Gentiles to mock, and to scourge, and to crucify him: and the third day he shall rise again.
Matthew 20:29	And as they departed from Jericho, a great multitude followed him.
Matthew 21:5	Tell ye the daughter of Sion, Behold, thy King cometh unto thee, meek, and sitting upon an ass, and a colt the foal of an ass.
Matthew 21:15	And when the chief priests and scribes saw the wonderful things that he did, and the children crying in the temple, and saying, Hosanna to the son of David; they were sore displeased,
Matthew 21:25	The baptism of John, whence was it? from heaven, or of men? And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say unto us, Why did ye not then believe him?
Matthew 21:35	And the husbandmen took his servants, and beat one, and killed another, and stoned another.
Matthew 21:45	And when the chief priests and Pharisees had heard his parables, they perceived that he spake of them.
Matthew 22:9	Go ye therefore into the highways, and as many as ye shall find, bid to the marriage.
Matthew 22:19	Shew me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny.
Matthew 22:29	Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God.
Matthew 22:39	And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
Matthew 23:3	All therefore whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do; but do not ye after their works: for they say, and do not.
Matthew 23:13	But woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye shut up the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in.
Matthew 23:23	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye pay tithe of mint and anise and cummin, and have omitted the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy, and faith: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone.
Matthew 23:33	Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell?
Matthew 24:4	And Jesus answered and said unto them, Take heed that no man deceive you.
Matthew 24:14	And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come.
Matthew 24:24	For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.
Matthew 24:34	Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled.
Matthew 24:44	Therefore be ye also ready: for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of man cometh.
Matthew 25:3	They that were foolish took their lamps, and took no oil with them:
Matthew 25:13	Watch therefore, for ye know neither the day nor the hour wherein the Son of man cometh.
Matthew 25:23	His lord said unto him, Well done, good and faithful servant; thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord.
Matthew 25:33	And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left.
Matthew 25:43	I was a stranger, and ye took me not in: naked, and ye clothed me not: sick, and in prison, and ye visited me not.
Matthew 26:7	There came unto him a woman having an alabaster box of very precious ointment, and poured it on his head, as he sat at meat.
Matthew 26:17	Now the first day of the feast of unleavened bread the disciples came to Jesus, saying unto him, Where wilt thou that we prepare for thee to eat the passover?
Matthew 26:27	And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and gave it to them, saying, Drink ye all of it;
Matthew 26:37	And he took with him Peter and the two sons of Zebedee, and began to be sorrowful and very heavy.
Matthew 26:47	And while he yet spake, lo, Judas, one of the twelve, came, and with him a great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and elders of the people.
Matthew 26:57	And they that had laid hold on Jesus led him away to Caiaphas the high priest, where the scribes and the elders were assembled.
Matthew 26:67	Then did they spit in his face, and buffeted him; and others smote him with the palms of their hands,
Matthew 27:2	And when they had bound him, they led him away, and delivered him to Pontius Pilate the governor.
Matthew 27:12	And when he was accused of the chief priests and elders, he answered nothing.
Matthew 27:22	Pilate saith unto them, What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ? They all say unto him, Let him be crucified.
Matthew 27:32	And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name: him they compelled to bear his cross.
Matthew 27:42	He saved others; himself he cannot save. If he be the King of Israel, let him now come down from the cross, and we will believe him.
Matthew 27:52	And the graves were opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose,
Matthew 27:62	Now the next day, that followed the day of the preparation, the chief priests and Pharisees came together unto Pilate,
Matthew 28:6	He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay.
Matthew 28:16	Then the eleven disciples went away into Galilee, into a mountain where Jesus had appointed them.
Mark 1:6	And John was clothed with camel's hair, and with a girdle of a skin about his loins; and he did eat locusts and wild honey;
Mark 1:16	Now as he walked by the sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and Andrew his brother casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers.
Mark 1:26	And when the unclean spirit had torn him, and cried with a loud voice, he came out of him.
Mark 1:36	And Simon and they that were with him followed after him.
Mark 2:1	And again he entered into Capernaum after some days; and it was noised that he was in the house.
Mark 2:11	I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy bed, and go thy way into thine house.
Mark 2:21	No man also seweth a piece of new cloth on an old garment: else the new piece that filled it up taketh away from the old, and the rent is made worse.
Mark 3:3	And he saith unto the man which had the withered hand, Stand forth.
Mark 3:13	And he goeth up into a mountain, and calleth unto him whom he would: and they came unto him.
Mark 3:23	And he called them unto him, and said unto them in parables, How can Satan cast out Satan?
Mark 3:33	And he answered them, saying, Who is my mother, or my brethren?
Mark 4:8	And other fell on good ground, and did yield fruit that sprang up and increased; and brought forth, some thirty, and some sixty, and some an hundred.
Mark 4:18	And these are they which are sown among thorns; such as hear the word,
Mark 4:28	For the earth bringeth forth fruit of herself; first the blade, then the ear, after that the full corn in the ear.
Mark 4:38	And he was in the hinder part of the ship, asleep on a pillow: and they awake him, and say unto him, Master, carest thou not that we perish?
Mark 5:7	And cried with a loud voice, and said, What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of the most high God? I adjure thee by God, that thou torment me not.
Mark 5:17	And they began to pray him to depart out of their coasts.
Mark 5:27	When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.
Mark 5:37	And he suffered no man to follow him, save Peter, and James, and John the brother of James.
Mark 6:4	But Jesus, said unto them, A prophet is not without honour, but in his own country, and among his own kin, and in his own house.
Mark 6:14	And king Herod heard of him; (for his name was spread abroad:) and he said, That John the Baptist was risen from the dead, and therefore mighty works do shew forth themselves in him.
Mark 6:24	And she went forth, and said unto her mother, What shall I ask? And she said, The head of John the Baptist.
Mark 6:34	And Jesus, when he came out, saw much people, and was moved with compassion toward them, because they were as sheep not having a shepherd: and he began to teach them many things.
Mark 6:44	And they that did eat of the loaves were about five thousand men.
Mark 6:54	And when they were come out of the ship, straightway they knew him,
Mark 7:8	For laying aside the commandment of God, ye hold the tradition of men, as the washing of pots and cups: and many other such like things ye do.
Mark 7:18	And he saith unto them, Are ye so without understanding also? Do ye not perceive, that whatsoever thing from without entereth into the man, it cannot defile him;
Mark 7:28	And she answered and said unto him, Yes, Lord: yet the dogs under the table eat of the children's crumbs.
Mark 8:1	In those days the multitude being very great, and having nothing to eat, Jesus called his disciples unto him, and saith unto them,
Mark 8:11	And the Pharisees came forth, and began to question with him, seeking of him a sign from heaven, tempting him.
Mark 8:21	And he said unto them, How is it that ye do not understand?
Mark 8:31	And he began to teach them, that the Son of man must suffer many things, and be rejected of the elders, and of the chief priests, and scribes, and be killed, and after three days rise again.
Mark 9:3	And his raiment became shining, exceeding white as snow; so as no fuller on earth can white them.
Mark 9:13	But I say unto you, That Elias is indeed come, and they have done unto him whatsoever they listed, as it is written of him.
Mark 9:23	Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.
Mark 9:33	And he came to Capernaum: and being in the house he asked them, What was it that ye disputed among yourselves by the way?
Mark 9:43	And if thy hand offend thee, cut it off: it is better for thee to enter into life maimed, than having two hands to go into hell, into the fire that never shall be quenched:
Mark 10:3	And he answered and said unto them, What did Moses command you?
Mark 10:13	And they brought young children to him, that he should touch them: and his disciples rebuked those that brought them.
Mark 10:23	And Jesus looked round about, and saith unto his disciples, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God!
Mark 10:33	Saying, Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be delivered unto the chief priests, and unto the scribes; and they shall condemn him to death, and shall deliver him to the Gentiles:
Mark 10:43	But so shall it not be among you: but whosoever will be great among you, shall be your minister:
Mark 11:1	And when they came nigh to Jerusalem, unto Bethphage and Bethany, at the mount of Olives, he sendeth forth two of his disciples,
Mark 11:11	And Jesus entered into Jerusalem, and into the temple: and when he had looked round about upon all things, and now the eventide was come, he went out unto Bethany with the twelve.
Mark 11:21	And Peter calling to remembrance saith unto him, Master, behold, the fig tree which thou cursedst is withered away.
Mark 11:31	And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say, Why then did ye not believe him?
Mark 12:8	And they took him, and killed him, and cast him out of the vineyard.
Mark 12:18	Then come unto him the Sadducees, which say there is no resurrection; and they asked him, saying,
Mark 12:28	And one of the scribes came, and having heard them reasoning together, and perceiving that he had answered them well, asked him, Which is the first commandment of all?
Mark 12:38	And he said unto them in his doctrine, Beware of the scribes, which love to go in long clothing, and love salutations in the marketplaces,
Mark 13:4	Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign when all these things shall be fulfilled?
Mark 13:14	But when ye shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing where it ought not, (let him that readeth understand,) then let them that be in Judaea flee to the mountains:
Mark 13:24	But in those days, after that tribulation, the sun shall be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light,
Mark 13:34	For the Son of Man is as a man taking a far journey, who left his house, and gave authority to his servants, and to every man his work, and commanded the porter to watch.
Mark 14:7	For ye have the poor with you always, and whensoever ye will ye may do them good: but me ye have not always.
Mark 14:17	And in the evening he cometh with the twelve.
Mark 14:27	And Jesus saith unto them, All ye shall be offended because of me this night: for it is written, I will smite the shepherd, and the sheep shall be scattered.
Mark 14:37	And he cometh, and findeth them sleeping, and saith unto Peter, Simon, sleepest thou? couldest not thou watch one hour?
Mark 14:47	And one of them that stood by drew a sword, and smote a servant of the high priest, and cut off his ear.
Mark 14:57	And there arose certain, and bare false witness against him, saying,
Mark 14:67	And when she saw Peter warming himself, she looked upon him, and said, And thou also wast with Jesus of Nazareth.
Mark 15:5	But Jesus yet answered nothing; so that Pilate marvelled.
Mark 15:15	And so Pilate, willing to content the people, released Barabbas unto them, and delivered Jesus, when he had scourged him, to be crucified.
Mark 15:25	And it was the third hour, and they crucified him.
Mark 15:35	And some of them that stood by, when they heard it, said, Behold, he calleth Elias.
Mark 15:45	And when he knew it of the centurion, he gave the body to Joseph.
Mark 16:8	And they went out quickly, and fled from the sepulchre; for they trembled and were amazed: neither said they any thing to any man; for they were afraid.
Mark 16:18	They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.
Luke 1:8	And it came to pass, that while he executed the priest's office before God in the order of his course,
Luke 1:18	And Zacharias said unto the angel, Whereby shall I know this? for I am an old man, and my wife well stricken in years.
Luke 1:28	And the angel came in unto her, and said, Hail, thou that art highly favoured, the Lord is with thee: blessed art thou among women.
Luke 1:38	And Mary said, Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be it unto me according to thy word. And the angel departed from her.
Luke 1:48	For he hath regarded the low estate of his handmaiden: for, behold, from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed.
Luke 1:58	And her neighbours and her cousins heard how the Lord had shewed great mercy upon her; and they rejoiced with her.
Luke 1:68	Blessed be the Lord God of Israel; for he hath visited and redeemed his people,
Luke 1:78	Through the tender mercy of our God; whereby the dayspring from on high hath visited us,
Luke 2:8	And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night.
Luke 2:18	And all they that heard it wondered at those things which were told them by the shepherds.
Luke 2:28	Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said,
Luke 2:38	And she coming in that instant gave thanks likewise unto the Lord, and spake of him to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem.
Luke 2:48	And when they saw him, they were amazed: and his mother said unto him, Son, why hast thou thus dealt with us? behold, thy father and I have sought thee sorrowing.
Luke 3:6	And all flesh shall see the salvation of God.
Luke 3:16	John answered, saying unto them all, I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire:
Luke 3:26	Which was the son of Maath, which was the son of Mattathias, which was the son of Semei, which was the son of Joseph, which was the son of Juda,
Luke 3:36	Which was the son of Cainan, which was the son of Arphaxad, which was the son of Sem, which was the son of Noe, which was the son of Lamech,
Luke 4:8	And Jesus answered and said unto him, Get thee behind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.
Luke 4:18	The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised,
Luke 4:28	And all they in the synagogue, when they heard these things, were filled with wrath,
Luke 4:38	And he arose out of the synagogue, and entered into Simon's house. And Simon's wife's mother was taken with a great fever; and they besought him for her.
Luke 5:4	Now when he had left speaking, he said unto Simon, Launch out into the deep, and let down your nets for a draught.
Luke 5:14	And he charged him to tell no man: but go, and shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing, according as Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.
Luke 5:24	But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power upon earth to forgive sins, (he said unto the sick of the palsy,) I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy couch, and go into thine house.
Luke 5:34	And he said unto them, Can ye make the children of the bridechamber fast, while the bridegroom is with them?
Luke 6:5	And he said unto them, That the Son of man is Lord also of the sabbath.
Luke 6:15	Matthew and Thomas, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon called Zelotes,
Luke 6:25	Woe unto you that are full! for ye shall hunger. Woe unto you that laugh now! for ye shall mourn and weep.
Luke 6:35	But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for nothing again; and your reward shall be great, and ye shall be the children of the Highest: for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil.
Luke 6:45	A good man out of the good treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is good; and an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is evil: for of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaketh.
Luke 7:6	Then Jesus went with them. And when he was now not far from the house, the centurion sent friends to him, saying unto him, Lord, trouble not thyself: for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof:
Luke 7:16	And there came a fear on all: and they glorified God, saying, That a great prophet is risen up among us; and, That God hath visited his people.
Luke 7:26	But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? Yea, I say unto you, and much more than a prophet.
Luke 7:36	And one of the Pharisees desired him that he would eat with him. And he went into the Pharisee's house, and sat down to meat.
Luke 7:46	My head with oil thou didst not anoint: but this woman hath anointed my feet with ointment.
Luke 8:6	And some fell upon a rock; and as soon as it was sprung up, it withered away, because it lacked moisture.
Luke 8:16	No man, when he hath lighted a candle, covereth it with a vessel, or putteth it under a bed; but setteth it on a candlestick, that they which enter in may see the light.
Luke 8:26	And they arrived at the country of the Gadarenes, which is over against Galilee.
Luke 8:36	They also which saw it told them by what means he that was possessed of the devils was healed.
Luke 8:46	And Jesus said, Somebody hath touched me: for I perceive that virtue is gone out of me.
Luke 8:56	And her parents were astonished: but he charged them that they should tell no man what was done.
Luke 9:10	And the apostles, when they were returned, told him all that they had done. And he took them, and went aside privately into a desert place belonging to the city called Bethsaida.
Luke 9:20	He said unto them, But whom say ye that I am? Peter answering said, The Christ of God.
Luke 9:30	And, behold, there talked with him two men, which were Moses and Elias:
Luke 9:40	And I besought thy disciples to cast him out; and they could not.
Luke 9:50	And Jesus said unto him, Forbid him not: for he that is not against us is for us.
Luke 9:60	Jesus said unto him, Let the dead bury their dead: but go thou and preach the kingdom of God.
Luke 10:8	And into whatsoever city ye enter, and they receive you, eat such things as are set before you:
Luke 10:18	And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven.
Luke 10:28	And he said unto him, Thou hast answered right: this do, and thou shalt live.
Luke 10:38	Now it came to pass, as they went, that he entered into a certain village: and a certain woman named Martha received him into her house.
Luke 11:6	For a friend of mine in his journey is come to me, and I have nothing to set before him?
Luke 11:16	And others, tempting him, sought of him a sign from heaven.
Luke 11:26	Then goeth he, and taketh to him seven other spirits more wicked than himself; and they enter in, and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first.
Luke 11:36	If thy whole body therefore be full of light, having no part dark, the whole shall be full of light, as when the bright shining of a candle doth give thee light.
Luke 11:46	And he said, Woe unto you also, ye lawyers! for ye lade men with burdens grievous to be borne, and ye yourselves touch not the burdens with one of your fingers.
Luke 12:2	For there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known.
Luke 12:12	For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say.
Luke 12:22	And he said unto his disciples, Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat; neither for the body, what ye shall put on.
Luke 12:32	Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom.
Luke 12:42	And the Lord said, Who then is that faithful and wise steward, whom his lord shall make ruler over his household, to give them their portion of meat in due season?
Luke 12:52	For from henceforth there shall be five in one house divided, three against two, and two against three.
Luke 13:3	I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish.
Luke 13:13	And he laid his hands on her: and immediately she was made straight, and glorified God.
Luke 13:23	Then said one unto him, Lord, are there few that be saved? And he said unto them,
Luke 13:33	Nevertheless I must walk to day, and to morrow, and the day following: for it cannot be that a prophet perish out of Jerusalem.
Luke 14:8	When thou art bidden of any man to a wedding, sit not down in the highest room; lest a more honourable man than thou be bidden of him;
Luke 14:18	And they all with one consent began to make excuse. The first said unto him, I have bought a piece of ground, and I must needs go and see it: I pray thee have me excused.
Luke 14:28	For which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it?
Luke 15:3	And he spake this parable unto them, saying,
Luke 15:13	And not many days after the younger son gathered all together, and took his journey into a far country, and there wasted his substance with riotous living.
Luke 15:23	And bring hither the fatted calf, and kill it; and let us eat, and be merry:
Luke 16:1	And he said also unto his disciples, There was a certain rich man, which had a steward; and the same was accused unto him that he had wasted his goods.
Luke 16:11	If therefore ye have not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit to your trust the true riches?
Luke 16:21	And desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell from the rich man's table: moreover the dogs came and licked his sores.
Luke 16:31	And he said unto him, If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded, though one rose from the dead.
Luke 17:10	So likewise ye, when ye shall have done all those things which are commanded you, say, We are unprofitable servants: we have done that which was our duty to do.
Luke 17:20	And when he was demanded of the Pharisees, when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them and said, The kingdom of God cometh not with observation:
Luke 17:30	Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.
Luke 18:3	And there was a widow in that city; and she came unto him, saying, Avenge me of mine adversary.
Luke 18:13	And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, God be merciful to me a sinner.
Luke 18:23	And when he heard this, he was very sorrowful: for he was very rich.
Luke 18:33	And they shall scourge him, and put him to death: and the third day he shall rise again.
Luke 18:43	And immediately he received his sight, and followed him, glorifying God: and all the people, when they saw it, gave praise unto God.
Luke 19:10	For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost.
Luke 19:20	And another came, saying, Lord, behold, here is thy pound, which I have kept laid up in a napkin:
Luke 19:30	Saying, Go ye into the village over against you; in the which at your entering ye shall find a colt tied, whereon yet never man sat: loose him, and bring him hither.
Luke 19:40	And he answered and said unto them, I tell you that, if these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out.
Luke 20:2	And spake unto him, saying, Tell us, by what authority doest thou these things? or who is he that gave thee this authority?
Luke 20:12	And again he sent a third: and they wounded him also, and cast him out.
Luke 20:22	Is it lawful for us to give tribute unto Caesar, or no?
Luke 20:32	Last of all the woman died also.
Luke 20:42	And David himself saith in the book of Psalms, The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand,
Luke 21:5	And as some spake of the temple, how it was adorned with goodly stones and gifts, he said,
Luke 21:15	For I will give you a mouth and wisdom, which all your adversaries shall not be able to gainsay nor resist.
Luke 21:25	And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring;
Luke 21:35	For as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the whole earth.
Luke 22:7	Then came the day of unleavened bread, when the passover must be killed.
Luke 22:17	And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and said, Take this, and divide it among yourselves:
Luke 22:27	For whether is greater, he that sitteth at meat, or he that serveth? is not he that sitteth at meat? but I am among you as he that serveth.
Luke 22:37	For I say unto you, that this that is written must yet be accomplished in me, And he was reckoned among the transgressors: for the things concerning me have an end.
Luke 22:47	And while he yet spake, behold a multitude, and he that was called Judas, one of the twelve, went before them, and drew near unto Jesus to kiss him.
Luke 22:57	And he denied him, saying, Woman, I know him not.
Luke 22:67	Art thou the Christ? tell us. And he said unto them, If I tell you, ye will not believe:
Luke 23:6	When Pilate heard of Galilee, he asked whether the man were a Galilaean.
Luke 23:16	I will therefore chastise him, and release him.
Luke 23:26	And as they led him away, they laid hold upon one Simon, a Cyrenian, coming out of the country, and on him they laid the cross, that he might bear it after Jesus.
Luke 23:36	And the soldiers also mocked him, coming to him, and offering him vinegar,
Luke 23:46	And when Jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit: and having said thus, he gave up the ghost.
Luke 23:56	And they returned, and prepared spices and ointments; and rested the sabbath day according to the commandment.
Luke 24:10	It was Mary Magdalene and Joanna, and Mary the mother of James, and other women that were with them, which told these things unto the apostles.
Luke 24:20	And how the chief priests and our rulers delivered him to be condemned to death, and have crucified him.
Luke 24:30	And it came to pass, as he sat at meat with them, he took bread, and blessed it, and brake, and gave to them.
Luke 24:40	And when he had thus spoken, he shewed them his hands and his feet.
Luke 24:50	And he led them out as far as to Bethany, and he lifted up his hands, and blessed them.
John 1:7	The same came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light, that all men through him might believe.
John 1:17	For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.
John 1:27	He it is, who coming after me is preferred before me, whose shoe's latchet I am not worthy to unloose.
John 1:37	And the two disciples heard him speak, and they followed Jesus.
John 1:47	Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile!
John 2:6	And there were set there six waterpots of stone, after the manner of the purifying of the Jews, containing two or three firkins apiece.
John 2:16	And said unto them that sold doves, Take these things hence; make not my Father's house an house of merchandise.
John 3:1	There was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews:
John 3:11	Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.
John 3:21	But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God.
John 3:31	He that cometh from above is above all: he that is of the earth is earthly, and speaketh of the earth: he that cometh from heaven is above all.
John 4:5	Then cometh he to a city of Samaria, which is called Sychar, near to the parcel of ground that Jacob gave to his son Joseph.
John 4:15	The woman saith unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw.
John 4:25	The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things.
John 4:35	Say not ye, There are yet four months, and then cometh harvest? behold, I say unto you, Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields; for they are white already to harvest.
John 4:45	Then when he was come into Galilee, the Galilaeans received him, having seen all the things that he did at Jerusalem at the feast: for they also went unto the feast.
John 5:1	After this there was a feast of the Jews; and Jesus went up to Jerusalem.
John 5:11	He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said unto me, Take up thy bed, and walk.
John 5:21	For as the Father raiseth up the dead, and quickeneth them; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will.
John 5:31	If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true.
John 5:41	I receive not honour from men.
John 6:4	And the passover, a feast of the Jews, was nigh.
John 6:14	Then those men, when they had seen the miracle that Jesus did, said, This is of a truth that prophet that should come into the world.
John 6:24	When the people therefore saw that Jesus was not there, neither his disciples, they also took shipping, and came to Capernaum, seeking for Jesus.
John 6:34	Then said they unto him, Lord, evermore give us this bread.
John 6:44	No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day.
John 6:54	Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day.
John 6:64	But there are some of you that believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believed not, and who should betray him.
John 7:3	His brethren therefore said unto him, Depart hence, and go into Judaea, that thy disciples also may see the works that thou doest.
John 7:13	Howbeit no man spake openly of him for fear of the Jews.
John 7:23	If a man on the sabbath day receive circumcision, that the law of Moses should not be broken; are ye angry at me, because I have made a man every whit whole on the sabbath day?
John 7:33	Then said Jesus unto them, Yet a little while am I with you, and then I go unto him that sent me.
John 7:43	So there was a division among the people because of him.
John 7:53	And every man went unto his own house.
John 8:10	When Jesus had lifted up himself, and saw none but the woman, he said unto her, Woman, where are those thine accusers? hath no man condemned thee?
John 8:20	These words spake Jesus in the treasury, as he taught in the temple: and no man laid hands on him; for his hour was not yet come.
John 8:30	As he spake these words, many believed on him.
John 8:40	But now ye seek to kill me, a man that hath told you the truth, which I have heard of God: this did not Abraham.
John 8:50	And I seek not mine own glory: there is one that seeketh and judgeth.
John 9:1	And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth.
John 9:11	He answered and said, A man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed mine eyes, and said unto me, Go to the pool of Siloam, and wash: and I went and washed, and I received sight.
John 9:21	But by what means he now seeth, we know not; or who hath opened his eyes, we know not: he is of age; ask him: he shall speak for himself.
John 9:31	Now we know that God heareth not sinners: but if any man be a worshipper of God, and doeth his will, him he heareth.
John 9:41	Jesus said unto them, If ye were blind, ye should have no sin: but now ye say, We see; therefore your sin remaineth.
John 10:10	The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.
John 10:20	And many of them said, He hath a devil, and is mad; why hear ye him?
John 10:30	I and my Father are one.
John 10:40	And went away again beyond Jordan into the place where John at first baptized; and there he abode.
John 11:8	His disciples say unto him, Master, the Jews of late sought to stone thee; and goest thou thither again?
John 11:18	Now Bethany was nigh unto Jerusalem, about fifteen furlongs off:
John 11:28	And when she had so said, she went her way, and called Mary her sister secretly, saying, The Master is come, and calleth for thee.
John 11:38	Jesus therefore again groaning in himself cometh to the grave. It was a cave, and a stone lay upon it.
John 11:48	If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him: and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation.
John 12:1	Then Jesus six days before the passover came to Bethany, where Lazarus was, which had been dead, whom he raised from the dead.
John 12:11	Because that by reason of him many of the Jews went away, and believed on Jesus.
John 12:21	The same came therefore to Philip, which was of Bethsaida of Galilee, and desired him, saying, Sir, we would see Jesus.
John 12:31	Now is the judgment of this world: now shall the prince of this world be cast out.
John 12:41	These things said Esaias, when he saw his glory, and spake of him.
John 13:1	Now before the feast of the passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end.
John 13:11	For he knew who should betray him; therefore said he, Ye are not all clean.
John 13:21	When Jesus had thus said, he was troubled in spirit, and testified, and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.
John 13:31	Therefore, when he was gone out, Jesus said, Now is the Son of man glorified, and God is glorified in him.
John 14:3	And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also.
John 14:13	And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.
John 14:23	Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him.
John 15:2	Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away: and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit.
John 15:12	This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you.
John 15:22	If I had not come and spoken unto them, they had not had sin: but now they have no cloak for their sin.
John 16:5	But now I go my way to him that sent me; and none of you asketh me, Whither goest thou?
John 16:15	All things that the Father hath are mine: therefore said I, that he shall take of mine, and shall shew it unto you.
John 16:25	These things have I spoken unto you in proverbs: but the time cometh, when I shall no more speak unto you in proverbs, but I shall shew you plainly of the Father.
John 17:2	As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him.
John 17:12	While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name: those that thou gavest me I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled.
John 17:22	And the glory which thou gavest me I have given them; that they may be one, even as we are one:
John 18:6	As soon then as he had said unto them, I am he, they went backward, and fell to the ground.
John 18:16	But Peter stood at the door without. Then went out that other disciple, which was known unto the high priest, and spake unto her that kept the door, and brought in Peter.
John 18:26	One of the servants of the high priest, being his kinsman whose ear Peter cut off, saith, Did not I see thee in the garden with him?
John 18:36	Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence.
John 19:6	When the chief priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried out, saying, Crucify him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Take ye him, and crucify him: for I find no fault in him.
John 19:16	Then delivered he him therefore unto them to be crucified. And they took Jesus, and led him away.
John 19:26	When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son!
John 19:36	For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him shall not be broken.
John 20:4	So they ran both together: and the other disciple did outrun Peter, and came first to the sepulchre.
John 20:14	And when she had thus said, she turned herself back, and saw Jesus standing, and knew not that it was Jesus.
John 20:24	But Thomas, one of the twelve, called Didymus, was not with them when Jesus came.
John 21:3	Simon Peter saith unto them, I go a fishing. They say unto him, We also go with thee. They went forth, and entered into a ship immediately; and that night they caught nothing.
John 21:13	Jesus then cometh, and taketh bread, and giveth them, and fish likewise.
John 21:23	Then went this saying abroad among the brethren, that that disciple should not die: yet Jesus said not unto him, He shall not die; but, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee?
Acts 1:8	But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.
Acts 1:18	Now this man purchased a field with the reward of iniquity; and falling headlong, he burst asunder in the midst, and all his bowels gushed out.
Acts 2:2	And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.
Acts 2:12	And they were all amazed, and were in doubt, saying one to another, What meaneth this?
Acts 2:22	Ye men of Israel, hear these words; Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs, which God did by him in the midst of you, as ye yourselves also know:
Acts 2:32	This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses.
Acts 2:42	And they continued stedfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers.
Acts 3:5	And he gave heed unto them, expecting to receive something of them.
Acts 3:15	And killed the Prince of life, whom God hath raised from the dead; whereof we are witnesses.
Acts 3:25	Ye are the children of the prophets, and of the covenant which God made with our fathers, saying unto Abraham, And in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed.
Acts 4:9	If we this day be examined of the good deed done to the impotent man, by what means he is made whole;
Acts 4:19	But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye.
Acts 4:29	And now, Lord, behold their threatenings: and grant unto thy servants, that with all boldness they may speak thy word,
Acts 5:2	And kept back part of the price, his wife also being privy to it, and brought a certain part, and laid it at the apostles' feet.
Acts 5:12	And by the hands of the apostles were many signs and wonders wrought among the people; (and they were all with one accord in Solomon's porch.
Acts 5:22	But when the officers came, and found them not in the prison, they returned and told,
Acts 5:32	And we are his witnesses of these things; and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom God hath given to them that obey him.
Acts 5:42	And daily in the temple, and in every house, they ceased not to teach and preach Jesus Christ.
Acts 6:10	And they were not able to resist the wisdom and the spirit by which he spake.
Acts 7:5	And he gave him none inheritance in it, no, not so much as to set his foot on: yet he promised that he would give it to him for a possession, and to his seed after him, when as yet he had no child.
Acts 7:15	So Jacob went down into Egypt, and died, he, and our fathers,
Acts 7:25	For he supposed his brethren would have understood how that God by his hand would deliver them: but they understood not.
Acts 7:35	This Moses whom they refused, saying, Who made thee a ruler and a judge? the same did God send to be a ruler and a deliverer by the hand of the angel which appeared to him in the bush.
Acts 7:45	Which also our fathers that came after brought in with Jesus into the possession of the Gentiles, whom God drave out before the face of our fathers, unto the days of David;
Acts 7:55	But he, being full of the Holy Ghost, looked up stedfastly into heaven, and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God,
Acts 8:5	Then Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and preached Christ unto them.
Acts 8:15	Who, when they were come down, prayed for them, that they might receive the Holy Ghost:
Acts 8:25	And they, when they had testified and preached the word of the Lord, returned to Jerusalem, and preached the gospel in many villages of the Samaritans.
Acts 8:35	Then Philip opened his mouth, and began at the same scripture, and preached unto him Jesus.
Acts 9:5	And he said, Who art thou, Lord? And the Lord said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest: it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks.
Acts 9:15	But the Lord said unto him, Go thy way: for he is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear my name before the Gentiles, and kings, and the children of Israel:
Acts 9:25	Then the disciples took him by night, and let him down by the wall in a basket.
Acts 9:35	And all that dwelt at Lydda and Saron saw him, and turned to the Lord.
Acts 10:2	A devout man, and one that feared God with all his house, which gave much alms to the people, and prayed to God alway.
Acts 10:12	Wherein were all manner of fourfooted beasts of the earth, and wild beasts, and creeping things, and fowls of the air.
Acts 10:22	And they said, Cornelius the centurion, a just man, and one that feareth God, and of good report among all the nation of the Jews, was warned from God by an holy angel to send for thee into his house, and to hear words of thee.
Acts 10:32	Send therefore to Joppa, and call hither Simon, whose surname is Peter; he is lodged in the house of one Simon a tanner by the sea side: who, when he cometh, shall speak unto thee.
Acts 10:42	And he commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that it is he which was ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead.
Acts 11:4	But Peter rehearsed the matter from the beginning, and expounded it by order unto them, saying,
Acts 11:14	Who shall tell thee words, whereby thou and all thy house shall be saved.
Acts 11:24	For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith: and much people was added unto the Lord.
Acts 12:4	And when he had apprehended him, he put him in prison, and delivered him to four quaternions of soldiers to keep him; intending after Easter to bring him forth to the people.
Acts 12:14	And when she knew Peter's voice, she opened not the gate for gladness, but ran in, and told how Peter stood before the gate.
Acts 12:24	But the word of God grew and multiplied.
Acts 13:9	Then Saul, (who also is called Paul,) filled with the Holy Ghost, set his eyes on him.
Acts 13:19	And when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of Chanaan, he divided their land to them by lot.
Acts 13:29	And when they had fulfilled all that was written of him, they took him down from the tree, and laid him in a sepulchre.
Acts 13:39	And by him all that believe are justified from all things, from which ye could not be justified by the law of Moses.
Acts 13:49	And the word of the Lord was published throughout all the region.
Acts 14:7	And there they preached the gospel.
Acts 14:17	Nevertheless he left not himself without witness, in that he did good, and gave us rain from heaven, and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness.
Acts 14:27	And when they were come, and had gathered the church together, they rehearsed all that God had done with them, and how he had opened the door of faith unto the Gentiles.
Acts 15:9	And put no difference between us and them, purifying their hearts by faith.
Acts 15:19	Wherefore my sentence is, that we trouble not them, which from among the Gentiles are turned to God:
Acts 15:29	That ye abstain from meats offered to idols, and from blood, and from things strangled, and from fornication: from which if ye keep yourselves, ye shall do well. Fare ye well.
Acts 15:39	And the contention was so sharp between them, that they departed asunder one from the other: and so Barnabas took Mark, and sailed unto Cyprus;
Acts 16:8	And they passing by Mysia came down to Troas.
Acts 16:18	And this did she many days. But Paul, being grieved, turned and said to the spirit, I command thee in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of her. And he came out the same hour.
Acts 16:28	But Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, Do thyself no harm: for we are all here.
Acts 16:38	And the serjeants told these words unto the magistrates: and they feared, when they heard that they were Romans.
Acts 17:8	And they troubled the people and the rulers of the city, when they heard these things.
Acts 17:18	Then certain philosophers of the Epicureans, and of the Stoicks, encountered him. And some said, What will this babbler say? other some, He seemeth to be a setter forth of strange gods: because he preached unto them Jesus, and the resurrection.
Acts 17:28	For in him we live, and move, and have our being; as certain also of your own poets have said, For we are also his offspring.
Acts 18:4	And he reasoned in the synagogue every sabbath, and persuaded the Jews and the Greeks.
Acts 18:14	And when Paul was now about to open his mouth, Gallio said unto the Jews, If it were a matter of wrong or wicked lewdness, O ye Jews, reason would that I should bear with you:
Acts 18:24	And a certain Jew named Apollos, born at Alexandria, an eloquent man, and mighty in the scriptures, came to Ephesus.
Acts 19:6	And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came on them; and they spake with tongues, and prophesied.
Acts 19:16	And the man in whom the evil spirit was leaped on them, and overcame them, and prevailed against them, so that they fled out of that house naked and wounded.
Acts 19:26	Moreover ye see and hear, that not alone at Ephesus, but almost throughout all Asia, this Paul hath persuaded and turned away much people, saying that they be no gods, which are made with hands:
Acts 19:36	Seeing then that these things cannot be spoken against, ye ought to be quiet, and to do nothing rashly.
Acts 20:5	These going before tarried for us at Troas.
Acts 20:15	And we sailed thence, and came the next day over against Chios; and the next day we arrived at Samos, and tarried at Trogyllium; and the next day we came to Miletus.
Acts 20:25	And now, behold, I know that ye all, among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God, shall see my face no more.
Acts 20:35	I have shewed you all things, how that so labouring ye ought to support the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he said, It is more blessed to give than to receive.
Acts 21:7	And when we had finished our course from Tyre, we came to Ptolemais, and saluted the brethren, and abode with them one day.
Acts 21:17	And when we were come to Jerusalem, the brethren received us gladly.
Acts 21:27	And when the seven days were almost ended, the Jews which were of Asia, when they saw him in the temple, stirred up all the people, and laid hands on him,
Acts 21:37	And as Paul was to be led into the castle, he said unto the chief captain, May I speak unto thee? Who said, Canst thou speak Greek?
Acts 22:7	And I fell unto the ground, and heard a voice saying unto me, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?
Acts 22:17	And it came to pass, that, when I was come again to Jerusalem, even while I prayed in the temple, I was in a trance;
Acts 22:27	Then the chief captain came, and said unto him, Tell me, art thou a Roman? He said, Yea.
Acts 23:7	And when he had so said, there arose a dissension between the Pharisees and the Sadducees: and the multitude was divided.
Acts 23:17	Then Paul called one of the centurions unto him, and said, Bring this young man unto the chief captain: for he hath a certain thing to tell him.
Acts 23:27	This man was taken of the Jews, and should have been killed of them: then came I with an army, and rescued him, having understood that he was a Roman.
Acts 24:2	And when he was called forth, Tertullus began to accuse him, saying, Seeing that by thee we enjoy great quietness, and that very worthy deeds are done unto this nation by thy providence,
Acts 24:12	And they neither found me in the temple disputing with any man, neither raising up the people, neither in the synagogues, nor in the city:
Acts 24:22	And when Felix heard these things, having more perfect knowledge of that way, he deferred them, and said, When Lysias the chief captain shall come down, I will know the uttermost of your matter.
Acts 25:5	Let them therefore, said he, which among you are able, go down with me, and accuse this man, if there be any wickedness in him.
Acts 25:15	About whom, when I was at Jerusalem, the chief priests and the elders of the Jews informed me, desiring to have judgment against him.
Acts 25:25	But when I found that he had committed nothing worthy of death, and that he himself hath appealed to Augustus, I have determined to send him.
Acts 26:8	Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you, that God should raise the dead?
Acts 26:18	To open their eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inheritance among them which are sanctified by faith that is in me.
Acts 26:28	Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian.
Acts 27:6	And there the centurion found a ship of Alexandria sailing into Italy; and he put us therein.
Acts 27:16	And running under a certain island which is called Clauda, we had much work to come by the boat:
Acts 27:26	Howbeit we must be cast upon a certain island.
Acts 27:36	Then were they all of good cheer, and they also took some meat.
Acts 28:2	And the barbarous people shewed us no little kindness: for they kindled a fire, and received us every one, because of the present rain, and because of the cold.
Acts 28:12	And landing at Syracuse, we tarried there three days.
Acts 28:22	But we desire to hear of thee what thou thinkest: for as concerning this sect, we know that every where it is spoken against.
Romans 1:1	Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated unto the gospel of God,
Romans 1:11	For I long to see you, that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift, to the end ye may be established;
Romans 1:21	Because that, when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened.
Romans 1:31	Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful:
Romans 2:9	Tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile;
Romans 2:19	And art confident that thou thyself art a guide of the blind, a light of them which are in darkness,
Romans 2:29	But he is a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the spirit, and not in the letter; whose praise is not of men, but of God.
Romans 3:10	As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:
Romans 3:20	Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law is the knowledge of sin.
Romans 3:30	Seeing it is one God, which shall justify the circumcision by faith, and uncircumcision through faith.
Romans 4:9	Cometh this blessedness then upon the circumcision only, or upon the uncircumcision also? for we say that faith was reckoned to Abraham for righteousness.
Romans 4:19	And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead, when he was about an hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb:
Romans 5:4	And patience, experience; and experience, hope:
Romans 5:14	Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses, even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam's transgression, who is the figure of him that was to come.
Romans 6:3	Know ye not, that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death?
Romans 6:13	Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin: but yield yourselves unto God, as those that are alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God.
Romans 6:23	For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Romans 7:10	And the commandment, which was ordained to life, I found to be unto death.
Romans 7:20	Now if I do that I would not, it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.
Romans 8:5	For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit.
Romans 8:15	For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear; but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father.
Romans 8:25	But if we hope for that we see not, then do we with patience wait for it.
Romans 8:35	Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword?
Romans 9:6	Not as though the word of God hath taken none effect. For they are not all Israel, which are of Israel:
Romans 9:16	So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy.
Romans 9:26	And it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, Ye are not my people; there shall they be called the children of the living God.
Romans 10:3	For they being ignorant of God's righteousness, and going about to establish their own righteousness, have not submitted themselves unto the righteousness of God.
Romans 10:13	For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Romans 11:2	God hath not cast away his people which he foreknew. Wot ye not what the scripture saith of Elias? how he maketh intercession to God against Israel saying,
Romans 11:12	Now if the fall of them be the riches of the world, and the diminishing of them the riches of the Gentiles; how much more their fulness?
Romans 11:22	Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in his goodness: otherwise thou also shalt be cut off.
Romans 11:32	For God hath concluded them all in unbelief, that he might have mercy upon all.
Romans 12:6	Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith;
Romans 12:16	Be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits.
Romans 13:5	Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake.
Romans 14:1	Him that is weak in the faith receive ye, but not to doubtful disputations.
Romans 14:11	For it is written, As I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess to God.
Romans 14:21	It is good neither to eat flesh, nor to drink wine, nor any thing whereby thy brother stumbleth, or is offended, or is made weak.
Romans 15:8	Now I say that Jesus Christ was a minister of the circumcision for the truth of God, to confirm the promises made unto the fathers:
Romans 15:18	For I will not dare to speak of any of those things which Christ hath not wrought by me, to make the Gentiles obedient, by word and deed,
Romans 15:28	When therefore I have performed this, and have sealed to them this fruit, I will come by you into Spain.
Romans 16:5	Likewise greet the church that is in their house. Salute my well-beloved Epaenetus, who is the firstfruits of Achaia unto Christ.
Romans 16:15	Salute Philologus, and Julia, Nereus, and his sister, and Olympas, and all the saints which are with them.
Romans 16:25	Now to him that is of power to stablish you according to my gospel, and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the mystery, which was kept secret since the world began,
1 Corinthians 1:8	Who shall also confirm you unto the end, that ye may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 1:18	For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God.
1 Corinthians 1:28	And base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are:
1 Corinthians 2:7	But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom, which God ordained before the world unto our glory:
1 Corinthians 3:1	And I, brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but as unto carnal, even as unto babes in Christ.
1 Corinthians 3:11	For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 3:21	Therefore let no man glory in men. For all things are your's;
1 Corinthians 4:8	Now ye are full, now ye are rich, ye have reigned as kings without us: and I would to God ye did reign, that we also might reign with you.
1 Corinthians 4:18	Now some are puffed up, as though I would not come to you.
1 Corinthians 5:7	Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us:
1 Corinthians 6:4	If then ye have judgments of things pertaining to this life, set them to judge who are least esteemed in the church.
1 Corinthians 6:14	And God hath both raised up the Lord, and will also raise up us by his own power.
1 Corinthians 7:4	The wife hath not power of her own body, but the husband: and likewise also the husband hath not power of his own body, but the wife.
1 Corinthians 7:14	For the unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife, and the unbelieving wife is sanctified by the husband: else were your children unclean; but now are they holy.
1 Corinthians 7:24	Brethren, let every man, wherein he is called, therein abide with God.
1 Corinthians 7:34	There is difference also between a wife and a virgin. The unmarried woman careth for the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and in spirit: but she that is married careth for the things of the world, how she may please her husband.
1 Corinthians 8:4	As concerning therefore the eating of those things that are offered in sacrifice unto idols, we know that an idol is nothing in the world, and that there is none other God but one.
1 Corinthians 9:1	Am I not an apostle? am I not free? have I not seen Jesus Christ our Lord? are not ye my work in the Lord?
1 Corinthians 9:11	If we have sown unto you spiritual things, is it a great thing if we shall reap your carnal things?
1 Corinthians 9:21	To them that are without law, as without law, (being not without law to God, but under the law to Christ,) that I might gain them that are without law.
1 Corinthians 10:4	And did all drink the same spiritual drink: for they drank of that spiritual Rock that followed them: and that Rock was Christ.
1 Corinthians 10:14	Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry.
1 Corinthians 10:24	Let no man seek his own, but every man another's wealth.
1 Corinthians 11:1	Be ye followers of me, even as I also am of Christ.
1 Corinthians 11:11	Nevertheless neither is the man without the woman, neither the woman without the man, in the Lord.
1 Corinthians 11:21	For in eating every one taketh before other his own supper: and one is hungry, and another is drunken.
1 Corinthians 11:31	For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged.
1 Corinthians 12:7	But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit withal.
1 Corinthians 12:17	If the whole body were an eye, where were the hearing? If the whole were hearing, where were the smelling?
1 Corinthians 12:27	Now ye are the body of Christ, and members in particular.
1 Corinthians 13:6	Rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth;
1 Corinthians 14:3	But he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edification, and exhortation, and comfort.
1 Corinthians 14:13	Wherefore let him that speaketh in an unknown tongue pray that he may interpret.
1 Corinthians 14:23	If therefore the whole church be come together into one place, and all speak with tongues, and there come in those that are unlearned, or unbelievers, will they not say that ye are mad?
1 Corinthians 14:33	For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all churches of the saints.
1 Corinthians 15:3	For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;
1 Corinthians 15:13	But if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen:
1 Corinthians 15:23	But every man in his own order: Christ the firstfruits; afterward they that are Christ's at his coming.
1 Corinthians 15:33	Be not deceived: evil communications corrupt good manners.
1 Corinthians 15:43	It is sown in dishonour; it is raised in glory: it is sown in weakness; it is raised in power:
1 Corinthians 15:53	For this corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put on immortality.
1 Corinthians 16:5	Now I will come unto you, when I shall pass through Macedonia: for I do pass through Macedonia.
1 Corinthians 16:15	I beseech you, brethren, (ye know the house of Stephanas, that it is the firstfruits of Achaia, and that they have addicted themselves to the ministry of the saints,)
2 Corinthians 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timothy our brother, unto the church of God which is at Corinth, with all the saints which are in all Achaia:
2 Corinthians 1:11	Ye also helping together by prayer for us, that for the gift bestowed upon us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by many on our behalf.
2 Corinthians 1:21	Now he which stablisheth us with you in Christ, and hath anointed us, is God;
2 Corinthians 2:7	So that contrariwise ye ought rather to forgive him, and comfort him, lest perhaps such a one should be swallowed up with overmuch sorrow.
2 Corinthians 2:17	For we are not as many, which corrupt the word of God: but as of sincerity, but as of God, in the sight of God speak we in Christ.
2 Corinthians 3:10	For even that which was made glorious had no glory in this respect, by reason of the glory that excelleth.
2 Corinthians 4:2	But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully; but by manifestation of the truth commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God.
2 Corinthians 4:12	So then death worketh in us, but life in you.
2 Corinthians 5:4	For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened: not for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon, that mortality might be swallowed up of life.
2 Corinthians 5:14	For the love of Christ constraineth us; because we thus judge, that if one died for all, then were all dead:
2 Corinthians 6:3	Giving no offence in any thing, that the ministry be not blamed:
2 Corinthians 6:13	Now for a recompence in the same, (I speak as unto my children,) be ye also enlarged.
2 Corinthians 7:5	For, when we were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were troubled on every side; without were fightings, within were fears.
2 Corinthians 7:15	And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembereth the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling ye received him.
2 Corinthians 8:9	For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich.
2 Corinthians 8:19	And not that only, but who was also chosen of the churches to travel with us with this grace, which is administered by us to the glory of the same Lord, and declaration of your ready mind:
2 Corinthians 9:5	Therefore I thought it necessary to exhort the brethren, that they would go before unto you, and make up beforehand your bounty, whereof ye had notice before, that the same might be ready, as a matter of bounty, and not as of covetousness.
2 Corinthians 9:15	Thanks be unto God for his unspeakable gift.
2 Corinthians 10:10	For his letters, say they, are weighty and powerful; but his bodily presence is weak, and his speech contemptible.
2 Corinthians 11:2	For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy: for I have espoused you to one husband, that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ.
2 Corinthians 11:12	But what I do, that I will do, that I may cut off occasion from them which desire occasion; that wherein they glory, they may be found even as we.
2 Corinthians 11:22	Are they Hebrews? so am I. Are they Israelites? so am I. Are they the seed of Abraham? so am I.
2 Corinthians 11:32	In Damascus the governor under Aretas the king kept the city of the Damascenes with a garrison, desirous to apprehend me:
2 Corinthians 12:9	And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me.
2 Corinthians 12:19	Again, think ye that we excuse ourselves unto you? we speak before God in Christ: but we do all things, dearly beloved, for your edifying.
2 Corinthians 13:8	For we can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth.
Galatians 1:4	Who gave himself for our sins, that he might deliver us from this present evil world, according to the will of God and our Father:
Galatians 1:14	And profited in the Jews' religion above many my equals in mine own nation, being more exceedingly zealous of the traditions of my fathers.
Galatians 1:24	And they glorified God in me.
Galatians 2:10	Only they would that we should remember the poor; the same which I also was forward to do.
Galatians 2:20	I am crucified with Christ: neverthless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me.
Galatians 3:9	So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham.
Galatians 3:19	Wherefore then serveth the law? It was added because of transgressions, till the seed should come to whom the promise was made; and it was ordained by angels in the hand of a mediator.
Galatians 3:29	And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise.
Galatians 4:10	Ye observe days, and months, and times, and years.
Galatians 4:20	I desire to be present with you now, and to change my voice; for I stand in doubt of you.
Galatians 4:30	Nevertheless what saith the scripture? Cast out the bondwoman and her son: for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son of the freewoman.
Galatians 5:9	A little leaven leaveneth the whole lump.
Galatians 5:19	Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,
Galatians 6:3	For if a man think himself to be something, when he is nothing, he deceiveth himself.
Galatians 6:13	For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law; but desire to have you circumcised, that they may glory in your flesh.
Ephesians 1:5	Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will,
Ephesians 1:15	Wherefore I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus, and love unto all the saints,
Ephesians 2:2	Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience:
Ephesians 2:12	That at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world:
Ephesians 2:22	In whom ye also are builded together for an habitation of God through the Spirit.
Ephesians 3:10	To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God,
Ephesians 3:20	Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,
Ephesians 4:9	(Now that he ascended, what is it but that he also descended first into the lower parts of the earth?
Ephesians 4:19	Who being past feeling have given themselves over unto lasciviousness, to work all uncleanness with greediness.
Ephesians 4:29	Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers.
Ephesians 5:7	Be not ye therefore partakers with them.
Ephesians 5:17	Wherefore be ye not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is.
Ephesians 5:27	That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish.
Ephesians 6:4	And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.
Ephesians 6:14	Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;
Ephesians 6:24	Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. Amen.
Philippians 1:10	That ye may approve things that are excellent; that ye may be sincere and without offence till the day of Christ.
Philippians 1:20	According to my earnest expectation and my hope, that in nothing I shall be ashamed, but that with all boldness, as always, so now also Christ shall be magnified in my body, whether it be by life, or by death.
Philippians 1:30	Having the same conflict which ye saw in me, and now hear to be in me.
Philippians 2:10	That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth;
Philippians 2:20	For I have no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your state.
Philippians 2:30	Because for the work of Christ he was nigh unto death, not regarding his life, to supply your lack of service toward me.
Philippians 3:10	That I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death;
Philippians 3:20	For our conversation is in heaven; from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ:
Philippians 4:9	Those things, which ye have both learned, and received, and heard, and seen in me, do: and the God of peace shall be with you.
Philippians 4:19	But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
Colossians 1:6	Which is come unto you, as it is in all the world; and bringeth forth fruit, as it doth also in you, since the day ye heard of it, and knew the grace of God in truth:
Colossians 1:16	For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him:
Colossians 1:26	Even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints:
Colossians 2:7	Rooted and built up in him, and stablished in the faith, as ye have been taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving.
Colossians 2:17	Which are a shadow of things to come; but the body is of Christ.
Colossians 3:4	When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory.
Colossians 3:14	And above all these things put on charity, which is the bond of perfectness.
Colossians 3:24	Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ.
Colossians 4:9	With Onesimus, a faithful and beloved brother, who is one of you. They shall make known unto you all things which are done here.
1 Thessalonians 1:1	Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians which is in God the Father and in the Lord Jesus Christ: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Thessalonians 2:1	For yourselves, brethren, know our entrance in unto you, that it was not in vain:
1 Thessalonians 2:11	As ye know how we exhorted and comforted and charged every one of you, as a father doth his children,
1 Thessalonians 3:1	Wherefore when we could no longer forbear, we thought it good to be left at Athens alone;
1 Thessalonians 3:11	Now God himself and our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, direct our way unto you.
1 Thessalonians 4:8	He therefore that despiseth, despiseth not man, but God, who hath also given unto us his holy Spirit.
1 Thessalonians 4:18	Wherefore comfort one another with these words.
1 Thessalonians 5:10	Who died for us, that, whether we wake or sleep, we should live together with him.
1 Thessalonians 5:20	Despise not prophesyings.
2 Thessalonians 1:2	Grace unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Thessalonians 1:12	That the name of our Lord Jesus Christ may be glorified in you, and ye in him, according to the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Thessalonians 2:10	And with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved.
2 Thessalonians 3:3	But the Lord is faithful, who shall stablish you, and keep you from evil.
2 Thessalonians 3:13	But ye, brethren, be not weary in well doing.
1 Timothy 1:5	Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart, and of a good conscience, and of faith unfeigned:
1 Timothy 1:15	This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.
1 Timothy 2:5	For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;
1 Timothy 2:15	Notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing, if they continue in faith and charity and holiness with sobriety.
1 Timothy 3:10	And let these also first be proved; then let them use the office of a deacon, being found blameless.
1 Timothy 4:4	For every creature of God is good, and nothing to be refused, if it be received with thanksgiving:
1 Timothy 4:14	Neglect not the gift that is in thee, which was given thee by prophecy, with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery.
1 Timothy 5:8	But if any provide not for his own, and specially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith, and is worse than an infidel.
1 Timothy 5:18	For the scripture saith, Thou shalt not muzzle the ox that treadeth out the corn. And, The labourer is worthy of his reward.
1 Timothy 6:3	If any man teach otherwise, and consent not to wholesome words, even the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, and to the doctrine which is according to godliness;
1 Timothy 6:13	I give thee charge in the sight of God, who quickeneth all things, and before Christ Jesus, who before Pontius Pilate witnessed a good confession;
2 Timothy 1:2	To Timothy, my dearly beloved son: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
2 Timothy 1:12	For the which cause I also suffer these things: nevertheless I am not ashamed: for I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day.
2 Timothy 2:4	No man that warreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life; that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier.
2 Timothy 2:14	Of these things put them in remembrance, charging them before the Lord that they strive not about words to no profit, but to the subverting of the hearers.
2 Timothy 2:24	And the servant of the Lord must not strive; but be gentle unto all men, apt to teach, patient,
2 Timothy 3:8	Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist the truth: men of corrupt minds, reprobate concerning the faith.
2 Timothy 4:1	I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom;
2 Timothy 4:11	Only Luke is with me. Take Mark, and bring him with thee: for he is profitable to me for the ministry.
2 Timothy 4:21	Do thy diligence to come before winter. Eubulus greeteth thee, and Pudens, and Linus, and Claudia, and all the brethren.
Titus 1:9	Holding fast the faithful word as he hath been taught, that he may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the gainsayers.
Titus 2:3	The aged women likewise, that they be in behaviour as becometh holiness, not false accusers, not given to much wine, teachers of good things;
Titus 2:13	Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;
Titus 3:8	This is a faithful saying, and these things I will that thou affirm constantly, that they which have believed in God might be careful to maintain good works. These things are good and profitable unto men.
Philemon 1:3	Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Philemon 1:13	Whom I would have retained with me, that in thy stead he might have ministered unto me in the bonds of the gospel:
Philemon 1:23	There salute thee Epaphras, my fellowprisoner in Christ Jesus;
Hebrews 1:8	But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom.
Hebrews 2:4	God also bearing them witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles, and gifts of the Holy Ghost, according to his own will?
Hebrews 2:14	Forasmuch then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same; that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is, the devil;
Hebrews 3:6	But Christ as a son over his own house; whose house are we, if we hold fast the confidence and the rejoicing of the hope firm unto the end.
Hebrews 3:16	For some, when they had heard, did provoke: howbeit not all that came out of Egypt by Moses.
Hebrews 4:7	Again, he limiteth a certain day, saying in David, To day, after so long a time; as it is said, To day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts.
Hebrews 5:1	For every high priest taken from among men is ordained for men in things pertaining to God, that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins:
Hebrews 5:11	Of whom we have many things to say, and hard to be uttered, seeing ye are dull of hearing.
Hebrews 6:7	For the earth which drinketh in the rain that cometh oft upon it, and bringeth forth herbs meet for them by whom it is dressed, receiveth blessing from God:
Hebrews 6:17	Wherein God, willing more abundantly to shew unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his counsel, confirmed it by an oath:
Hebrews 7:7	And without all contradiction the less is blessed of the better.
Hebrews 7:17	For he testifieth, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.
Hebrews 7:27	Who needeth not daily, as those high priests, to offer up sacrifice, first for his own sins, and then for the people's: for this he did once, when he offered up himself.
Hebrews 8:9	Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day when I took them by the hand to lead them out of the land of Egypt; because they continued not in my covenant, and I regarded them not, saith the Lord.
Hebrews 9:6	Now when these things were thus ordained, the priests went always into the first tabernacle, accomplishing the service of God.
Hebrews 9:16	For where a testament is, there must also of necessity be the death of the testator.
Hebrews 9:26	For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world: but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself.
Hebrews 10:8	Above when he said, Sacrifice and offering and burnt offerings and offering for sin thou wouldest not, neither hadst pleasure therein; which are offered by the law;
Hebrews 10:18	Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for sin.
Hebrews 10:28	He that despised Moses' law died without mercy under two or three witnesses:
Hebrews 10:38	Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him.
Hebrews 11:9	By faith he sojourned in the land of promise, as in a strange country, dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the same promise:
Hebrews 11:19	Accounting that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead; from whence also he received him in a figure.
Hebrews 11:29	By faith they passed through the Red sea as by dry land: which the Egyptians assaying to do were drowned.
Hebrews 11:39	And these all, having obtained a good report through faith, received not the promise:
Hebrews 12:9	Furthermore we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we gave them reverence: shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the Father of spirits, and live?
Hebrews 12:19	And the sound of a trumpet, and the voice of words; which voice they that heard intreated that the word should not be spoken to them any more:
Hebrews 12:29	For our God is a consuming fire.
Hebrews 13:10	We have an altar, whereof they have no right to eat which serve the tabernacle.
Hebrews 13:20	Now the God of peace, that brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus, that great shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant,
James 1:5	If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.
James 1:15	Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death.
James 1:25	But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed.
James 2:8	If ye fulfil the royal law according to the scripture, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself, ye do well:
James 2:18	Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I have works: shew me thy faith without thy works, and I will shew thee my faith by my works.
James 3:2	For in many things we offend all. If any man offend not in word, the same is a perfect man, and able also to bridle the whole body.
James 3:12	Can the fig tree, my brethren, bear olive berries? either a vine, figs? so can no fountain both yield salt water and fresh.
James 4:4	Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God.
James 4:14	Whereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life? It is even a vapour, that appeareth for a little time, and then vanisheth away.
James 5:7	Be patient therefore, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord. Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and hath long patience for it, until he receive the early and latter rain.
James 5:17	Elias was a man subject to like passions as we are, and he prayed earnestly that it might not rain: and it rained not on the earth by the space of three years and six months.
1 Peter 1:7	That the trial of your faith, being much more precious than of gold that perisheth, though it be tried with fire, might be found unto praise and honour and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ:
1 Peter 1:17	And if ye call on the Father, who without respect of persons judgeth according to every man's work, pass the time of your sojourning here in fear:
1 Peter 2:2	As newborn babes, desire the sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby:
1 Peter 2:12	Having your conversation honest among the Gentiles: that, whereas they speak against you as evildoers, they may by your good works, which they shall behold, glorify God in the day of visitation.
1 Peter 2:22	Who did no sin, neither was guile found in his mouth:
1 Peter 3:7	Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honour unto the wife, as unto the weaker vessel, and as being heirs together of the grace of life; that your prayers be not hindered.
1 Peter 3:17	For it is better, if the will of God be so, that ye suffer for well doing, than for evil doing.
1 Peter 4:5	Who shall give account to him that is ready to judge the quick and the dead.
1 Peter 4:15	But let none of you suffer as a murderer, or as a thief, or as an evildoer, or as a busybody in other men's matters.
1 Peter 5:6	Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time:
2 Peter 1:2	Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God, and of Jesus our Lord,
2 Peter 1:12	Wherefore I will not be negligent to put you always in remembrance of these things, though ye know them, and be established in the present truth.
2 Peter 2:1	But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you, who privily shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring upon themselves swift destruction.
2 Peter 2:11	Whereas angels, which are greater in power and might, bring not railing accusation against them before the Lord.
2 Peter 2:21	For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness, than, after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them.
2 Peter 3:9	The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
1 John 1:1	That which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, which we have looked upon, and our hands have handled, of the Word of life;
1 John 2:1	My little children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous:
1 John 2:11	But he that hateth his brother is in darkness, and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither he goeth, because that darkness hath blinded his eyes.
1 John 2:21	I have not written unto you because ye know not the truth, but because ye know it, and that no lie is of the truth.
1 John 3:2	Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is.
1 John 3:12	Not as Cain, who was of that wicked one, and slew his brother. And wherefore slew he him? Because his own works were evil, and his brother's righteous.
1 John 3:22	And whatsoever we ask, we receive of him, because we keep his commandments, and do those things that are pleasing in his sight.
1 John 4:8	He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love.
1 John 4:18	There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment. He that feareth is not made perfect in love.
1 John 5:7	For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one.
1 John 5:17	All unrighteousness is sin: and there is a sin not unto death.
2 John 1:6	And this is love, that we walk after his commandments. This is the commandment, That, as ye have heard from the beginning, ye should walk in it.
3 John 1:3	For I rejoiced greatly, when the brethren came and testified of the truth that is in thee, even as thou walkest in the truth.
3 John 1:13	I had many things to write, but I will not with ink and pen write unto thee:
Jude 1:9	Yet Michael the archangel, when contending with the devil he disputed about the body of Moses, durst not bring against him a railing accusation, but said, The Lord rebuke thee.
Jude 1:19	These be they who separate themselves, sensual, having not the Spirit.
Revelation 1:4	John to the seven churches which are in Asia: Grace be unto you, and peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and from the seven Spirits which are before his throne;
Revelation 1:14	His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes were as a flame of fire;
Revelation 2:4	Nevertheless I have somewhat against thee, because thou hast left thy first love.
Revelation 2:14	But I have a few things against thee, because thou hast there them that hold the doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balac to cast a stumblingblock before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed unto idols, and to commit fornication.
Revelation 2:24	But unto you I say, and unto the rest in Thyatira, as many as have not this doctrine, and which have not known the depths of Satan, as they speak; I will put upon you none other burden.
Revelation 3:5	He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
Revelation 3:15	I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot.
Revelation 4:3	And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper and a sardine stone: and there was a rainbow round about the throne, in sight like unto an emerald.
Revelation 5:2	And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, Who is worthy to open the book, and to loose the seals thereof?
Revelation 5:12	Saying with a loud voice, Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and honour, and glory, and blessing.
Revelation 6:8	And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth.
Revelation 7:1	And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree.
Revelation 7:11	And all the angels stood round about the throne, and about the elders and the four beasts, and fell before the throne on their faces, and worshipped God,
Revelation 8:4	And the smoke of the incense, which came with the prayers of the saints, ascended up before God out of the angel's hand.
Revelation 9:1	And the fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star fall from heaven unto the earth: and to him was given the key of the bottomless pit.
Revelation 9:11	And they had a king over them, which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon.
Revelation 9:21	Neither repented they of their murders, nor of their sorceries, nor of their fornication, nor of their thefts.
Revelation 10:10	And I took the little book out of the angel's hand, and ate it up; and it was in my mouth sweet as honey: and as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter.
Revelation 11:9	And they of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall see their dead bodies three days and an half, and shall not suffer their dead bodies to be put in graves.
Revelation 11:19	And the temple of God was opened in heaven, and there was seen in his temple the ark of his testament: and there were lightnings, and voices, and thunderings, and an earthquake, and great hail.
Revelation 12:10	And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, Now is come salvation, and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ: for the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night.
Revelation 13:3	And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death; and his deadly wound was healed: and all the world wondered after the beast.
Revelation 13:13	And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men,
Revelation 14:5	And in their mouth was found no guile: for they are without fault before the throne of God.
Revelation 14:15	And another angel came out of the temple, crying with a loud voice to him that sat on the cloud, Thrust in thy sickle, and reap: for the time is come for thee to reap; for the harvest of the earth is ripe.
Revelation 15:5	And after that I looked, and, behold, the temple of the tabernacle of the testimony in heaven was opened:
Revelation 16:7	And I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgments.
Revelation 16:17	And the seventh angel poured out his vial into the air; and there came a great voice out of the temple of heaven, from the throne, saying, It is done.
Revelation 17:6	And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus: and when I saw her, I wondered with great admiration.
Revelation 17:16	And the ten horns which thou sawest upon the beast, these shall hate the whore, and shall make her desolate and naked, and shall eat her flesh, and burn her with fire.
Revelation 18:8	Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire: for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her.
Revelation 18:18	And cried when they saw the smoke of her burning, saying, What city is like unto this great city!
Revelation 19:4	And the four and twenty elders and the four beasts fell down and worshipped God that sat on the throne, saying, Amen; Alleluia.
Revelation 19:14	And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean.
Revelation 20:3	And cast him into the bottomless pit, and shut him up, and set a seal upon him, that he should deceive the nations no more, till the thousand years should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season.
Revelation 20:13	And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works.
Revelation 21:8	But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.
Revelation 21:18	And the building of the wall of it was of jasper: and the city was pure gold, like unto clear glass.
Revelation 22:1	And he shewed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb.
Revelation 22:11	He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still.
Revelation 22:21	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.