Genesis 1:3	And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.
Genesis 1:13	And the evening and the morning were the third day.
Genesis 1:23	And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.
Genesis 2:2	And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.
Genesis 2:12	And the gold of that land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone.
Genesis 2:22	And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from man, made he a woman, and brought her unto the man.
Genesis 3:7	And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons.
Genesis 3:17	And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life;
Genesis 4:3	And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.
Genesis 4:13	And Cain said unto the LORD, My punishment is greater than I can bear.
Genesis 4:23	And Lamech said unto his wives, Adah and Zillah, Hear my voice; ye wives of Lamech, hearken unto my speech: for I have slain a man to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.
Genesis 5:7	And Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters:
Genesis 5:17	And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died.
Genesis 5:27	And all the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died.
Genesis 6:5	And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually.
Genesis 6:15	And this is the fashion which thou shalt make it of: The length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.
Genesis 7:3	Of fowls also of the air by sevens, the male and the female; to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth.
Genesis 7:13	In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, into the ark;
Genesis 7:23	And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face of the ground, both man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the fowl of the heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only remained alive, and they that were with him in the ark.
Genesis 8:9	But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him into the ark, for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark.
Genesis 8:19	Every beast, every creeping thing, and every fowl, and whatsoever creepeth upon the earth, after their kinds, went forth out of the ark.
Genesis 9:7	And you, be ye fruitful, and multiply; bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein.
Genesis 9:17	And God said unto Noah, This is the token of the covenant, which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth.
Genesis 9:27	God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.
Genesis 10:8	And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be a mighty one in the earth.
Genesis 10:18	And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite: and afterward were the families of the Canaanites spread abroad.
Genesis 10:28	And Obal, and Abimael, and Sheba,
Genesis 11:6	And the LORD said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.
Genesis 11:16	And Eber lived four and thirty years, and begat Peleg:
Genesis 11:26	And Terah lived seventy years, and begat Abram, Nahor, and Haran.
Genesis 12:4	So Abram departed, as the LORD had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran.
Genesis 12:14	And it came to pass, that, when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair.
Genesis 13:4	Unto the place of the altar, which he had make there at the first: and there Abram called on the name of the LORD.
Genesis 13:14	And the LORD said unto Abram, after that Lot was separated from him, Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward:
Genesis 14:6	And the Horites in their mount Seir, unto Elparan, which is by the wilderness.
Genesis 14:16	And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people.
Genesis 15:2	And Abram said, LORD God, what wilt thou give me, seeing I go childless, and the steward of my house is this Eliezer of Damascus?
Genesis 15:12	And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram; and, lo, an horror of great darkness fell upon him.
Genesis 16:1	Now Sarai Abram's wife bare him no children: and she had an handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar.
Genesis 16:11	And the angel of the LORD said unto her, Behold, thou art with child and shalt bear a son, and shalt call his name Ishmael; because the LORD hath heard thy affliction.
Genesis 17:5	Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made thee.
Genesis 17:15	And God said unto Abraham, As for Sarai thy wife, thou shalt not call her name Sarai, but Sarah shall her name be.
Genesis 17:25	And Ishmael his son was thirteen years old, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin.
Genesis 18:8	And he took butter, and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them; and he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat.
Genesis 18:18	Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him?
Genesis 18:28	Peradventure there shall lack five of the fifty righteous: wilt thou destroy all the city for lack of five? And he said, If I find there forty and five, I will not destroy it.
Genesis 19:5	And they called unto Lot, and said unto him, Where are the men which came in to thee this night? bring them out unto us, that we may know them.
Genesis 19:15	And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy two daughters, which are here; lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city.
Genesis 19:25	And he overthrew those cities, and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which grew upon the ground.
Genesis 19:35	And they made their father drink wine that night also: and the younger arose, and lay with him; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose.
Genesis 20:7	Now therefore restore the man his wife; for he is a prophet, and he shall pray for thee, and thou shalt live: and if thou restore her not, know thou that thou shalt surely die, thou, and all that are thine.
Genesis 20:17	So Abraham prayed unto God: and God healed Abimelech, and his wife, and his maidservants; and they bare children.
Genesis 21:9	And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, which she had born unto Abraham, mocking.
Genesis 21:19	And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water; and she went, and filled the bottle with water, and gave the lad drink.
Genesis 21:29	And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What mean these seven ewe lambs which thou hast set by themselves?
Genesis 22:5	And Abraham said unto his young men, Abide ye here with the ass; and I and the lad will go yonder and worship, and come again to you.
Genesis 22:15	And the angel of the LORD called unto Abraham out of heaven the second time,
Genesis 23:1	And Sarah was an hundred and seven and twenty years old: these were the years of the life of Sarah.
Genesis 23:11	Nay, my lord, hear me: the field give I thee, and the cave that is therein, I give it thee; in the presence of the sons of my people give I it thee: bury thy dead.
Genesis 24:1	And Abraham was old, and well stricken in age: and the LORD had blessed Abraham in all things.
Genesis 24:11	And he made his camels to kneel down without the city by a well of water at the time of the evening, even the time that women go out to draw water.
Genesis 24:21	And the man wondering at her held his peace, to wit whether the LORD had made his journey prosperous or not.
Genesis 24:31	And he said, Come in, thou blessed of the LORD; wherefore standest thou without? for I have prepared the house, and room for the camels.
Genesis 24:41	Then shalt thou be clear from this my oath, when thou comest to my kindred; and if they give not thee one, thou shalt be clear from my oath.
Genesis 24:51	Behold, Rebekah is before thee, take her, and go, and let her be thy master's son's wife, as the LORD hath spoken.
Genesis 24:61	And Rebekah arose, and her damsels, and they rode upon the camels, and followed the man: and the servant took Rebekah, and went his way.
Genesis 25:4	And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Hanoch, and Abidah, and Eldaah. All these were the children of Keturah.
Genesis 25:14	And Mishma, and Dumah, and Massa,
Genesis 25:24	And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb.
Genesis 25:34	Then Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentils; and he did eat and drink, and rose up, and went his way: thus Esau despised his birthright.
Genesis 26:10	And Abimelech said, What is this thou hast done unto us? one of the people might lightly have lien with thy wife, and thou shouldest have brought guiltiness upon us.
Genesis 26:20	And the herdmen of Gerar did strive with Isaac's herdmen, saying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well Esek; because they strove with him.
Genesis 26:30	And he made them a feast, and they did eat and drink.
Genesis 27:5	And Rebekah heard when Isaac spake to Esau his son. And Esau went to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it.
Genesis 27:15	And Rebekah took goodly raiment of her eldest son Esau, which were with her in the house, and put them upon Jacob her younger son:
Genesis 27:25	And he said, Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's venison, that my soul may bless thee. And he brought it near to him, and he did eat: and he brought him wine and he drank.
Genesis 27:35	And he said, Thy brother came with subtilty, and hath taken away thy blessing.
Genesis 27:45	Until thy brother's anger turn away from thee, and he forget that which thou hast done to him: then I will send, and fetch thee from thence: why should I be deprived also of you both in one day?
Genesis 28:9	Then went Esau unto Ishmael, and took unto the wives which he had Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son, the sister of Nebajoth, to be his wife.
Genesis 28:19	And he called the name of that place Bethel: but the name of that city was called Luz at the first.
Genesis 29:7	And he said, Lo, it is yet high day, neither is it time that the cattle should be gathered together: water ye the sheep, and go and feed them.
Genesis 29:17	Leah was tender eyed; but Rachel was beautiful and well favored.
Genesis 29:27	Fulfil her week, and we will give thee this also for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet seven other years.
Genesis 30:2	And Jacob's anger was kindled against Rachel: and he said, Am I in God's stead, who hath withheld from thee the fruit of the womb?
Genesis 30:12	And Zilpah Leah's maid bare Jacob a second son.
Genesis 30:22	And God remembered Rachel, and God hearkened to her, and opened her womb.
Genesis 30:32	I will pass through all thy flock to day, removing from thence all the speckled and spotted cattle, and all the brown cattle among the sheep, and the spotted and speckled among the goats: and of such shall be my hire.
Genesis 30:42	But when the cattle were feeble, he put them not in: so the feebler were Laban's, and the stronger Jacob's.
Genesis 31:9	Thus God hath taken away the cattle of your father, and given them to me.
Genesis 31:19	And Laban went to shear his sheep: and Rachel had stolen the images that were her father's.
Genesis 31:29	It is in the power of my hand to do you hurt: but the God of your father spake unto me yesternight, saying, Take thou heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad.
Genesis 31:39	That which was torn of beasts I brought not unto thee; I bare the loss of it; of my hand didst thou require it, whether stolen by day, or stolen by night.
Genesis 31:49	And Mizpah; for he said, The LORD watch between me and thee, when we are absent one from another.
Genesis 32:4	And he commanded them, saying, Thus shall ye speak unto my lord Esau; Thy servant Jacob saith thus, I have sojourned with Laban, and stayed there until now:
Genesis 32:14	Two hundred she goats, and twenty he goats, two hundred ewes, and twenty rams,
Genesis 32:24	And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.
Genesis 33:2	And he put the handmaids and their children foremost, and Leah and her children after, and Rachel and Joseph hindermost.
Genesis 33:12	And he said, Let us take our journey, and let us go, and I will go before thee.
Genesis 34:2	And when Shechem the son of Hamor the Hivite, prince of the country, saw her, he took her, and lay with her, and defiled her.
Genesis 34:12	Ask me never so much dowry and gift, and I will give according as ye shall say unto me: but give me the damsel to wife.
Genesis 34:22	Only herein will the men consent unto us for to dwell with us, to be one people, if every male among us be circumcised, as they are circumcised.
Genesis 35:1	And God said unto Jacob, Arise, go up to Bethel, and dwell there: and make there an altar unto God, that appeared unto thee when thou fleddest from the face of Esau thy brother.
Genesis 35:11	And God said unto him, I am God Almighty: be fruitful and multiply; a nation and a company of nations shall be of thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins;
Genesis 35:21	And Israel journeyed, and spread his tent beyond the tower of Edar.
Genesis 36:2	Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan; Adah the daughter of Elon the Hittite, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon the Hivite;
Genesis 36:12	And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau's son; and she bare to Eliphaz Amalek: these were the sons of Adah Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:22	And the children of Lotan were Hori and Hemam; and Lotan's sister was Timna.
Genesis 36:32	And Bela the son of Beor reigned in Edom: and the name of his city was Dinhabah.
Genesis 36:42	Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,
Genesis 37:9	And he dreamed yet another dream, and told it his brethren, and said, Behold, I have dreamed a dream more; and, behold, the sun and the moon and the eleven stars made obeisance to me.
Genesis 37:19	And they said one to another, Behold, this dreamer cometh.
Genesis 37:29	And Reuben returned unto the pit; and, behold, Joseph was not in the pit; and he rent his clothes.
Genesis 38:3	And she conceived, and bare a son; and he called his name Er.
Genesis 38:13	And it was told Tamar, saying, Behold thy father in law goeth up to Timnath to shear his sheep.
Genesis 38:23	And Judah said, Let her take it to her, lest we be shamed: behold, I sent this kid, and thou hast not found her.
Genesis 39:3	And his master saw that the LORD was with him, and that the LORD made all that he did to prosper in his hand.
Genesis 39:13	And it came to pass, when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand, and was fled forth,
Genesis 39:23	The keeper of the prison looked not to any thing that was under his hand; because the LORD was with him, and that which he did, the LORD made it to prosper.
Genesis 40:10	And in the vine were three branches: and it was as though it budded, and her blossoms shot forth; and the clusters thereof brought forth ripe grapes:
Genesis 40:20	And it came to pass the third day, which was Pharaoh's birthday, that he made a feast unto all his servants: and he lifted up the head of the chief butler and of the chief baker among his servants.
Genesis 41:7	And the seven thin ears devoured the seven rank and full ears. And Pharaoh awoke, and, behold, it was a dream.
Genesis 41:17	And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, In my dream, behold, I stood upon the bank of the river:
Genesis 41:27	And the seven thin and ill favored kine that came up after them are seven years; and the seven empty ears blasted with the east wind shall be seven years of famine.
Genesis 41:37	And the thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants.
Genesis 41:47	And in the seven plenteous years the earth brought forth by handfuls.
Genesis 41:57	And all countries came into Egypt to Joseph for to buy corn; because that the famine was so sore in all lands.
Genesis 42:10	And they said unto him, Nay, my lord, but to buy food are thy servants come.
Genesis 42:20	But bring your youngest brother unto me; so shall your words be verified, and ye shall not die. And they did so.
Genesis 42:30	The man, who is the lord of the land, spake roughly to us, and took us for spies of the country.
Genesis 43:2	And it came to pass, when they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Egypt, their father said unto them, Go again, buy us a little food.
Genesis 43:12	And take double money in your hand; and the money that was brought again in the mouth of your sacks, carry it again in your hand; peradventure it was an oversight:
Genesis 43:22	And other money have we brought down in our hands to buy food: we cannot tell who put our money in our sacks.
Genesis 43:32	And they set on for him by himself, and for them by themselves, and for the Egyptians, which did eat with him, by themselves: because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews; for that is an abomination unto the Egyptians.
Genesis 44:8	Behold, the money, which we found in our sacks' mouths, we brought again unto thee out of the land of Canaan: how then should we steal out of thy lord's house silver or gold?
Genesis 44:18	Then Judah came near unto him, and said, Oh my lord, let thy servant, I pray thee, speak a word in my lord's ears, and let not thine anger burn against thy servant: for thou art even as Pharaoh.
Genesis 44:28	And the one went out from me, and I said, Surely he is torn in pieces; and I saw him not since:
Genesis 45:4	And Joseph said unto his brethren, Come near to me, I pray you. And they came near. And he said, I am Joseph your brother, whom ye sold into Egypt.
Genesis 45:14	And he fell upon his brother Benjamin's neck, and wept; and Benjamin wept upon his neck.
Genesis 45:24	So he sent his brethren away, and they departed: and he said unto them, See that ye fall not out by the way.
Genesis 46:6	And they took their cattle, and their goods, which they had gotten in the land of Canaan, and came into Egypt, Jacob, and all his seed with him:
Genesis 46:16	And the sons of Gad; Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli.
Genesis 46:26	All the souls that came with Jacob into Egypt, which came out of his loins, besides Jacob's sons' wives, all the souls were threescore and six;
Genesis 47:2	And he took some of his brethren, even five men, and presented them unto Pharaoh.
Genesis 47:12	And Joseph nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with bread, according to their families.
Genesis 47:22	Only the land of the priests bought he not; for the priests had a portion assigned them of Pharaoh, and did eat their portion which Pharaoh gave them: wherefore they sold not their lands.
Genesis 48:1	And it came to pass after these things, that one told Joseph, Behold, thy father is sick: and he took with him his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim.
Genesis 48:11	And Israel said unto Joseph, I had not thought to see thy face: and, lo, God hath showed me also thy seed.
Genesis 48:21	And Israel said unto Joseph, Behold, I die: but God shall be with you, and bring you again unto the land of your fathers.
Genesis 49:9	Judah is a lion's whelp: from the prey, my son, thou art gone up: he stooped down, he couched as a lion, and as an old lion; who shall rouse him up?
Genesis 49:19	Gad, a troop shall overcome him: but he shall overcome at the last.
Genesis 49:29	And he charged them, and said unto them, I am to be gathered unto my people: bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite,
Genesis 50:6	And Pharaoh said, Go up, and bury thy father, according as he made thee swear.
Genesis 50:16	And they sent a messenger unto Joseph, saying, Thy father did command before he died, saying,
Genesis 50:26	So Joseph died, being an hundred and ten years old: and they embalmed him, and he was put in a coffin in Egypt.
Exodus 1:10	Come on, let us deal wisely with them; lest they multiply, and it come to pass, that, when there falleth out any war, they join also unto our enemies, and fight against us, and so get them up out of the land.
Exodus 1:20	Therefore God dealt well with the midwives: and the people multiplied, and waxed very mighty.
Exodus 2:8	And Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Go. And the maid went and called the child's mother.
Exodus 2:18	And when they came to Reuel their father, he said, How is it that ye are come so soon to day?
Exodus 3:3	And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt.
Exodus 3:13	And Moses said unto God, Behold, when I come unto the children of Israel, and shall say unto them, The God of your fathers hath sent me unto you; and they shall say to me, What is his name? what shall I say unto them?
Exodus 4:1	And Moses answered and said, But, behold, they will not believe me, nor hearken unto my voice: for they will say, The LORD hath not appeared unto thee.
Exodus 4:11	And the LORD said unto him, Who hath made man's mouth? or who maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the LORD?
Exodus 4:21	And the LORD said unto Moses, When thou goest to return into Egypt, see that thou do all those wonders before Pharaoh, which I have put in thine hand: but I will harden his heart, that he shall not let the people go.
Exodus 4:31	And the people believed: and when they heard that the LORD had visited the children of Israel, and that he had looked upon their affliction, then they bowed their heads and worshipped.
Exodus 5:10	And the taskmasters of the people went out, and their officers, and they spake to the people, saying, Thus saith Pharaoh, I will not give you straw.
Exodus 5:20	And they met Moses and Aaron, who stood in the way, as they came forth from Pharaoh:
Exodus 6:7	And I will take you to me for a people, and I will be to you a God: and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God, which bringeth you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians.
Exodus 6:17	The sons of Gershon; Libni, and Shimi, according to their families.
Exodus 6:27	These are they which spake to Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring out the children of Israel from Egypt: these are that Moses and Aaron.
Exodus 7:7	And Moses was fourscore years old, and Aaron fourscore and three years old, when they spake unto Pharaoh.
Exodus 7:17	Thus saith the LORD, In this thou shalt know that I am the LORD: behold, I will smite with the rod that is in mine hand upon the waters which are in the river, and they shall be turned to blood.
Exodus 8:2	And if thou refuse to let them go, behold, I will smite all thy borders with frogs:
Exodus 8:12	And Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh: and Moses cried unto the LORD because of the frogs which he had brought against Pharaoh.
Exodus 8:22	And I will sever in that day the land of Goshen, in which my people dwell, that no swarms of flies shall be there; to the end thou mayest know that I am the LORD in the midst of the earth.
Exodus 8:32	And Pharaoh hardened his heart at this time also, neither would he let the people go.
Exodus 9:10	And they took ashes of the furnace, and stood before Pharaoh; and Moses sprinkled it up toward heaven; and it became a boil breaking forth with blains upon man, and upon beast.
Exodus 9:20	He that feared the word of the LORD among the servants of Pharaoh made his servants and his cattle flee into the houses:
Exodus 9:30	But as for thee and thy servants, I know that ye will not yet fear the LORD God.
Exodus 10:5	And they shall cover the face of the earth, that one cannot be able to see the earth: and they shall eat the residue of that which is escaped, which remaineth unto you from the hail, and shall eat every tree which groweth for you out of the field:
Exodus 10:15	For they covered the face of the whole earth, so that the land was darkened; and they did eat every herb of the land, and all the fruit of the trees which the hail had left: and there remained not any green thing in the trees, or in the herbs of the field, through all the land of Egypt.
Exodus 10:25	And Moses said, Thou must give us also sacrifices and burnt offerings, that we may sacrifice unto the LORD our God.
Exodus 11:6	And there shall be a great cry throughout all the land of Egypt, such as there was none like it, nor shall be like it any more.
Exodus 12:6	And ye shall keep it up until the fourteenth day of the same month: and the whole assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill it in the evening.
Exodus 12:16	And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation, and in the seventh day there shall be an holy convocation to you; no manner of work shall be done in them, save that which every man must eat, that only may be done of you.
Exodus 12:26	And it shall come to pass, when your children shall say unto you, What mean ye by this service?
Exodus 12:36	And the LORD gave the people favor in the sight of the Egyptians, so that they lent unto them such things as they required. And they spoiled the Egyptians.
Exodus 12:46	In one house shall it be eaten; thou shalt not carry forth ought of the flesh abroad out of the house; neither shall ye break a bone thereof.
Exodus 13:5	And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee, a land flowing with milk and honey, that thou shalt keep this service in this month.
Exodus 13:15	And it came to pass, when Pharaoh would hardly let us go, that the LORD slew all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both the firstborn of man, and the firstborn of beast: therefore I sacrifice to the LORD all that openeth the matrix, being males; but all the firstborn of my children I redeem.
Exodus 14:3	For Pharaoh will say of the children of Israel, They are entangled in the land, the wilderness hath shut them in.
Exodus 14:13	And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD, which he will show to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.
Exodus 14:23	And the Egyptians pursued, and went in after them to the midst of the sea, even all Pharaoh's horses, his chariots, and his horsemen.
Exodus 15:2	The LORD is my strength and song, and he is become my salvation: he is my God, and I will prepare him an habitation; my father's God, and I will exalt him.
Exodus 15:12	Thou stretchedst out thy right hand, the earth swallowed them.
Exodus 15:22	So Moses brought Israel from the Red sea, and they went out into the wilderness of Shur; and they went three days in the wilderness, and found no water.
Exodus 16:5	And it shall come to pass, that on the sixth day they shall prepare that which they bring in; and it shall be twice as much as they gather daily.
Exodus 16:15	And when the children of Israel saw it, they said one to another, It is manna: for they wist not what it was. And Moses said unto them, This is the bread which the LORD hath given you to eat.
Exodus 16:25	And Moses said, Eat that to day; for to day is a sabbath unto the LORD: to day ye shall not find it in the field.
Exodus 16:35	And the children of Israel did eat manna forty years, until they came to a land inhabited; they did eat manna, until they came unto the borders of the land of Canaan.
Exodus 17:9	And Moses said unto Joshua, Choose us out men, and go out, fight with Amalek: to morrow I will stand on the top of the hill with the rod of God in mine hand.
Exodus 18:3	And her two sons; of which the name of the one was Gershom; for he said, I have been an alien in a strange land:
Exodus 18:13	And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses sat to judge the people: and the people stood by Moses from the morning unto the evening.
Exodus 18:23	If thou shalt do this thing, and God command thee so, then thou shalt be able to endure, and all this people shall also go to their place in peace.
Exodus 19:6	And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel.
Exodus 19:16	And it came to pass on the third day in the morning, that there were thunders and lightnings, and a thick cloud upon the mount, and the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that all the people that was in the camp trembled.
Exodus 20:1	And God spake all these words, saying,
Exodus 20:11	For in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the LORD blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it.
Exodus 20:21	And the people stood afar off, and Moses drew near unto the thick darkness where God was.
Exodus 21:5	And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master, my wife, and my children; I will not go out free:
Exodus 21:15	And he that smiteth his father, or his mother, shall be surely put to death.
Exodus 21:25	Burning for burning, wound for wound, stripe for stripe.
Exodus 21:35	And if one man's ox hurt another's, that he die; then they shall sell the live ox, and divide the money of it; and the dead ox also they shall divide.
Exodus 22:9	For all manner of trespass, whether it be for ox, for ass, for sheep, for raiment, or for any manner of lost thing which another challengeth to be his, the cause of both parties shall come before the judges; and whom the judges shall condemn, he shall pay double unto his neighbor.
Exodus 22:19	Whosoever lieth with a beast shall surely be put to death.
Exodus 22:29	Thou shalt not delay to offer the first of thy ripe fruits, and of thy liquors: the firstborn of thy sons shalt thou give unto me.
Exodus 23:8	And thou shalt take no gift: for the gift blindeth the wise, and perverteth the words of the righteous.
Exodus 23:18	Thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leavened bread; neither shall the fat of my sacrifice remain until the morning.
Exodus 23:28	And I will send hornets before thee, which shall drive out the Hivite, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, from before thee.
Exodus 24:5	And he sent young men of the children of Israel, which offered burnt offerings, and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen unto the LORD.
Exodus 24:15	And Moses went up into the mount, and a cloud covered the mount.
Exodus 25:7	Onyx stones, and stones to be set in the ephod, and in the breastplate.
Exodus 25:17	And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold: two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof.
Exodus 25:27	Over against the border shall the rings be for places of the staves to bear the table.
Exodus 25:37	And thou shalt make the seven lamps thereof: and they shall light the lamps thereof, that they may give light over against it.
Exodus 26:7	And thou shalt make curtains of goats' hair to be a covering upon the tabernacle: eleven curtains shalt thou make.
Exodus 26:17	Two tenons shall there be in one board, set in order one against another: thus shalt thou make for all the boards of the tabernacle.
Exodus 26:27	And five bars for the boards of the other side of the tabernacle, and five bars for the boards of the side of the tabernacle, for the two sides westward.
Exodus 26:37	And thou shalt make for the hanging five pillars of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold, and their hooks shall be of gold: and thou shalt cast five sockets of brass for them.
Exodus 27:10	And the twenty pillars thereof and their twenty sockets shall be of brass; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets shall be of silver.
Exodus 27:20	And thou shalt command the children of Israel, that they bring thee pure oil olive beaten for the light, to cause the lamp to burn always.
Exodus 28:9	And thou shalt take two onyx stones, and grave on them the names of the children of Israel:
Exodus 28:19	And the third row a ligure, an agate, and an amethyst.
Exodus 28:29	And Aaron shall bear the names of the children of Israel in the breastplate of judgment upon his heart, when he goeth in unto the holy place, for a memorial before the LORD continually.
Exodus 28:39	And thou shalt embroider the coat of fine linen, and thou shalt make the mitre of fine linen, and thou shalt make the girdle of needlework.
Exodus 29:6	And thou shalt put the mitre upon his head, and put the holy crown upon the mitre.
Exodus 29:16	And thou shalt slay the ram, and thou shalt take his blood, and sprinkle it round about upon the altar.
Exodus 29:26	And thou shalt take the breast of the ram of Aaron's consecration, and wave it for a wave offering before the LORD: and it shall be thy part.
Exodus 29:36	And thou shalt offer every day a bullock for a sin offering for atonement: and thou shalt cleanse the altar, when thou hast made an atonement for it, and thou shalt anoint it, to sanctify it.
Exodus 29:46	And they shall know that I am the LORD their God, that brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, that I may dwell among them: I am the LORD their God.
Exodus 30:10	And Aaron shall make an atonement upon the horns of it once in a year with the blood of the sin offering of atonements: once in the year shall he make atonement upon it throughout your generations: it is most holy unto the LORD.
Exodus 30:20	When they go into the tabernacle of the congregation, they shall wash with water, that they die not; or when they come near to the altar to minister, to burn offering made by fire unto the LORD:
Exodus 30:30	And thou shalt anoint Aaron and his sons, and consecrate them, that they may minister unto me in the priest's office.
Exodus 31:2	See, I have called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah:
Exodus 31:12	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 32:4	And he received them at their hand, and fashioned it with a graving tool, after he had made it a molten calf: and they said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.
Exodus 32:14	And the LORD repented of the evil which he thought to do unto his people.
Exodus 32:24	And I said unto them, Whosoever hath any gold, let them break it off. So they gave it me: then I cast it into the fire, and there came out this calf.
Exodus 32:34	Therefore now go, lead the people unto the place of which I have spoken unto thee: behold, mine Angel shall go before thee: nevertheless in the day when I visit I will visit their sin upon them.
Exodus 33:9	And it came to pass, as Moses entered into the tabernacle, the cloudy pillar descended, and stood at the door of the tabernacle, and the Lord talked with Moses.
Exodus 33:19	And he said, I will make all my goodness pass before thee, and I will proclaim the name of the LORD before thee; and will be gracious to whom I will be gracious, and will show mercy on whom I will show mercy.
Exodus 34:6	And the LORD passed by before him, and proclaimed, The LORD, The LORD God, merciful and gracious, long-suffering, and abundant in goodness and truth,
Exodus 34:16	And thou take of their daughters unto thy sons, and their daughters go a whoring after their gods, and make thy sons go a whoring after their gods.
Exodus 34:26	The first of the firstfruits of thy land thou shalt bring unto the house of the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother's milk.
Exodus 35:1	And Moses gathered all the congregation of the children of Israel together, and said unto them, These are the words which the LORD hath commanded, that ye should do them.
Exodus 35:11	The tabernacle, his tent, and his covering, his taches, and his boards, his bars, his pillars, and his sockets,
Exodus 35:21	And they came, every one whose heart stirred him up, and every one whom his spirit made willing, and they brought the LORD's offering to the work of the tabernacle of the congregation, and for all his service, and for the holy garments.
Exodus 35:31	And he hath filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, in understanding, and in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship;
Exodus 36:6	And Moses gave commandment, and they caused it to be proclaimed throughout the camp, saying, Let neither man nor woman make any more work for the offering of the sanctuary. So the people were restrained from bringing.
Exodus 36:16	And he coupled five curtains by themselves, and six curtains by themselves.
Exodus 36:26	And their forty sockets of silver; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board.
Exodus 36:36	And he made thereunto four pillars of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold: their hooks were of gold; and he cast for them four sockets of silver.
Exodus 37:8	One cherub on the end on this side, and another cherub on the other end on that side: out of the mercy seat made he the cherubim on the two ends thereof.
Exodus 37:18	And six branches going out of the sides thereof; three branches of the candlestick out of the one side thereof, and three branches of the candlestick out of the other side thereof:
Exodus 37:28	And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold.
Exodus 38:9	And he made the court: on the south side southward the hangings of the court were of fine twined linen, an hundred cubits:
Exodus 38:19	And their pillars were four, and their sockets of brass four; their hooks of silver, and the overlaying of their chapiters and their fillets of silver.
Exodus 38:29	And the brass of the offering was seventy talents, and two thousand and four hundred shekels.
Exodus 39:8	And he made the breastplate of cunning work, like the work of the ephod; of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Exodus 39:18	And the two ends of the two wreathed chains they fastened in the two ouches, and put them on the shoulderpieces of the ephod, before it.
Exodus 39:28	And a mitre of fine linen, and goodly bonnets of fine linen, and linen breeches of fine twined linen,
Exodus 39:38	And the golden altar, and the anointing oil, and the sweet incense, and the hanging for the tabernacle door,
Exodus 40:5	And thou shalt set the altar of gold for the incense before the ark of the testimony, and put the hanging of the door to the tabernacle.
Exodus 40:15	And thou shalt anoint them, as thou didst anoint their father, that they may minister unto me in the priest's office: for their anointing shall surely be an everlasting priesthood throughout their generations.
Exodus 40:25	And he lighted the lamps before the LORD; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 40:35	And Moses was not able to enter into the tent of the congregation, because the cloud abode thereon, and the glory of the LORD filled the tabernacle.
Leviticus 1:7	And the sons of Aaron the priest shall put fire upon the altar, and lay the wood in order upon the fire:
Leviticus 1:17	And he shall cleave it with the wings thereof, but shall not divide it asunder: and the priest shall burn it upon the altar, upon the wood that is upon the fire: it is a burnt sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.
Leviticus 2:10	And that which is left of the meat offering shall be Aaron's and his sons': it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire.
Leviticus 3:4	And the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away.
Leviticus 3:14	And he shall offer thereof his offering, even an offering made by fire unto the LORD; the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is upon the inwards,
Leviticus 4:7	And the priest shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar of sweet incense before the LORD, which is in the tabernacle of the congregation; and shall pour all the blood of the bullock at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Leviticus 4:17	And the priest shall dip his finger in some of the blood, and sprinkle it seven times before the LORD, even before the vail.
Leviticus 4:27	And if any one of the common people sin through ignorance, while he doeth somewhat against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done, and be guilty;
Leviticus 5:2	Or if a soul touch any unclean thing, whether it be a carcass of an unclean beast, or a carcass of unclean cattle, or the carcass of unclean creeping things, and if it be hidden from him; he also shall be unclean, and guilty.
Leviticus 5:12	Then shall he bring it to the priest, and the priest shall take his handful of it, even a memorial thereof, and burn it on the altar, according to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD: it is a sin offering.
Leviticus 6:3	Or have found that which was lost, and lieth concerning it, and sweareth falsely; in any of all these that a man doeth, sinning therein:
Leviticus 6:13	The fire shall ever be burning upon the altar; it shall never go out.
Leviticus 6:23	For every meat offering for the priest shall be wholly burnt: it shall not be eaten.
Leviticus 7:3	And he shall offer of it all the fat thereof; the rump, and the fat that covereth the inwards,
Leviticus 7:13	Besides the cakes, he shall offer for his offering leavened bread with the sacrifice of thanksgiving of his peace offerings.
Leviticus 7:23	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, Ye shall eat no manner of fat, of ox, or of sheep, or of goat.
Leviticus 7:33	He among the sons of Aaron, that offereth the blood of the peace offerings, and the fat, shall have the right shoulder for his part.
Leviticus 8:5	And Moses said unto the congregation, This is the thing which the LORD commanded to be done.
Leviticus 8:15	And he slew it; and Moses took the blood, and put it upon the horns of the altar round about with his finger, and purified the altar, and poured the blood at the bottom of the altar, and sanctified it, to make reconciliation upon it.
Leviticus 8:25	And he took the fat, and the rump, and all the fat that was upon the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and their fat, and the right shoulder:
Leviticus 8:35	Therefore shall ye abide at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation day and night seven days, and keep the charge of the LORD, that ye die not: for so I am commanded.
Leviticus 9:9	And the sons of Aaron brought the blood unto him: and he dipped his finger in the blood, and put it upon the horns of the altar, and poured out the blood at the bottom of the altar:
Leviticus 9:19	And the fat of the bullock and of the ram, the rump, and that which covereth the inwards, and the kidneys, and the caul above the liver:
Leviticus 10:5	So they went near, and carried them in their coats out of the camp; as Moses had said.
Leviticus 10:15	The heave shoulder and the wave breast shall they bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat, to wave it for a wave offering before the LORD; and it shall be thine, and thy sons' with thee, by a statute for ever; as the LORD hath commanded.
Leviticus 11:5	And the coney, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the hoof; he is unclean unto you.
Leviticus 11:15	Every raven after his kind;
Leviticus 11:25	And whosoever beareth ought of the carcass of them shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 11:35	And every thing whereupon any part of their carcass falleth shall be unclean; whether it be oven, or ranges for pots, they shall be broken down: for they are unclean and shall be unclean unto you.
Leviticus 11:45	For I am the LORD that bringeth you up out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: ye shall therefore be holy, for I am holy.
Leviticus 12:8	And if she be not able to bring a lamb, then she shall bring two turtles, or two young pigeons; the one for the burnt offering, and the other for a sin offering: and the priest shall make an atonement for her, and she shall be clean.
Leviticus 13:10	And the priest shall see him: and, behold, if the rising be white in the skin, and it have turned the hair white, and there be quick raw flesh in the rising;
Leviticus 13:20	And if, when the priest seeth it, behold, it be in sight lower than the skin, and the hair thereof be turned white; the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a plague of leprosy broken out of the boil.
Leviticus 13:30	Then the priest shall see the plague: and, behold, if it be in sight deeper than the skin; and there be in it a yellow thin hair; then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a dry scall, even a leprosy upon the head or beard.
Leviticus 13:40	And the man whose hair is fallen off his head, he is bald; yet is he clean.
Leviticus 13:50	And the priest shall look upon the plague, and shut up it that hath the plague seven days:
Leviticus 14:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 14:11	And the priest that maketh him clean shall present the man that is to be made clean, and those things, before the LORD, at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation:
Leviticus 14:21	And if he be poor, and cannot get so much; then he shall take one lamb for a trespass offering to be waved, to make an atonement for him, and one tenth deal of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering, and a log of oil;
Leviticus 14:31	Even such as he is able to get, the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, with the meat offering: and the priest shall make an atonement for him that is to be cleansed before the LORD.
Leviticus 14:41	And he shall cause the house to be scraped within round about, and they shall pour out the dust that they scrape off without the city into an unclean place:
Leviticus 14:51	And he shall take the cedar wood, and the hyssop, and the scarlet, and the living bird, and dip them in the blood of the slain bird, and in the running water, and sprinkle the house seven times:
Leviticus 15:4	Every bed, whereon he lieth that hath the issue, is unclean: and every thing, whereon he sitteth, shall be unclean.
Leviticus 15:14	And on the eighth day he shall take to him two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, and come before the LORD unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and give them unto the priest:
Leviticus 15:24	And if any man lie with her at all, and her flowers be upon him, he shall be unclean seven days; and all the bed whereon he lieth shall be unclean.
Leviticus 16:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses after the death of the two sons of Aaron, when they offered before the LORD, and died;
Leviticus 16:11	And Aaron shall bring the bullock of the sin offering, which is for himself, and shall make an atonement for himself, and for his house, and shall kill the bullock of the sin offering which is for himself:
Leviticus 16:21	And Aaron shall lay both his hands upon the head of the live goat, and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of Israel, and all their transgressions in all their sins, putting them upon the head of the goat, and shall send him away by the hand of a fit man into the wilderness:
Leviticus 16:31	It shall be a sabbath of rest unto you, and ye shall afflict your souls, by a statute for ever.
Leviticus 17:7	And they shall no more offer their sacrifices unto devils, after whom they have gone a whoring. This shall be a statute for ever unto them throughout their generations.
Leviticus 18:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 18:11	The nakedness of thy father's wife's daughter, begotten of thy father, she is thy sister, thou shalt not uncover her nakedness.
Leviticus 18:21	And thou shalt not let any of thy seed pass through the fire to Molech, neither shalt thou profane the name of thy God: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 19:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 19:11	Ye shall not steal, neither deal falsely, neither lie one to another.
Leviticus 19:21	And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, even a ram for a trespass offering.
Leviticus 19:31	Regard not them that have familiar spirits, neither seek after wizards, to be defiled by them: I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 20:4	And if the people of the land do any ways hide their eyes from the man, when he giveth of his seed unto Molech, and kill him not:
Leviticus 20:14	And if a man take a wife and her mother, it is wickedness: they shall be burnt with fire, both he and they; that there be no wickedness among you.
Leviticus 20:24	But I have said unto you, Ye shall inherit their land, and I will give it unto you to possess it, a land that floweth with milk and honey: I am the LORD your God, which have separated you from other people.
Leviticus 21:7	They shall not take a wife that is a whore, or profane; neither shall they take a woman put away from her husband: for he is holy unto his God.
Leviticus 21:17	Speak unto Aaron, saying, Whosoever he be of thy seed in their generations that hath any blemish, let him not approach to offer the bread of his God.
Leviticus 22:3	Say unto them, Whosoever he be of all your seed among your generations, that goeth unto the holy things, which the children of Israel hallow unto the LORD, having his uncleanness upon him, that soul shall be cut off from my presence: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 22:13	But if the priest's daughter be a widow, or divorced, and have no child, and is returned unto her father's house, as in her youth, she shall eat of her father's meat: but there shall be no stranger eat thereof.
Leviticus 22:23	Either a bullock or a lamb that hath any thing superfluous or lacking in his parts, that mayest thou offer for a freewill offering; but for a vow it shall not be accepted.
Leviticus 22:33	That brought you out of the land of Egypt, to be your God: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 23:10	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come into the land which I give unto you, and shall reap the harvest thereof, then ye shall bring a sheaf of the firstfruits of your harvest unto the priest:
Leviticus 23:20	And the priest shall wave them with the bread of the firstfruits for a wave offering before the LORD, with the two lambs: they shall be holy to the LORD for the priest.
Leviticus 23:30	And whatsoever soul it be that doeth any work in that same day, the same soul will I destroy from among his people.
Leviticus 23:40	And ye shall take you on the first day the boughs of goodly trees, branches of palm trees, and the boughs of thick trees, and willows of the brook; and ye shall rejoice before the LORD your God seven days.
Leviticus 24:6	And thou shalt set them in two rows, six on a row, upon the pure table before the LORD.
Leviticus 24:16	And he that blasphemeth the name of the LORD, he shall surely be put to death, and all the congregation shall certainly stone him: as well the stranger, as he that is born in the land, when he blasphemeth the name of the Lord, shall be put to death.
Leviticus 25:3	Six years thou shalt sow thy field, and six years thou shalt prune thy vineyard, and gather in the fruit thereof;
Leviticus 25:13	In the year of this jubilee ye shall return every man unto his possession.
Leviticus 25:23	The land shall not be sold for ever: for the land is mine, for ye are strangers and sojourners with me.
Leviticus 25:33	And if a man purchase of the Levites, then the house that was sold, and the city of his possession, shall go out in the year of jubilee: for the houses of the cities of the Levites are their possession among the children of Israel.
Leviticus 25:43	Thou shalt not rule over him with rigor; but shalt fear thy God.
Leviticus 25:53	And as a yearly hired servant shall he be with him: and the other shall not rule with rigor over him in thy sight.
Leviticus 26:8	And five of you shall chase an hundred, and an hundred of you shall put ten thousand to flight: and your enemies shall fall before you by the sword.
Leviticus 26:18	And if ye will not yet for all this hearken unto me, then I will punish you seven times more for your sins.
Leviticus 26:28	Then I will walk contrary unto you also in fury; and I, even I, will chastise you seven times for your sins.
Leviticus 26:38	And ye shall perish among the heathen, and the land of your enemies shall eat you up.
Leviticus 27:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When a man shall make a singular vow, the persons shall be for the LORD by thy estimation.
Leviticus 27:12	And the priest shall value it, whether it be good or bad: as thou valuest it, who art the priest, so shall it be.
Leviticus 27:22	And if a man sanctify unto the LORD a field which he hath bought, which is not of the fields of his possession;
Leviticus 27:32	And concerning the tithe of the herd, or of the flock, even of whatsoever passeth under the rod, the tenth shall be holy unto the LORD.
Numbers 1:8	Of Issachar; Nethaneel the son of Zuar.
Numbers 1:18	And they assembled all the congregation together on the first day of the second month, and they declared their pedigrees after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, by their polls.
Numbers 1:28	Of the children of Issachar, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Numbers 1:38	Of the children of Dan, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Numbers 1:48	For the LORD had spoken unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 2:4	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred.
Numbers 2:14	Then the tribe of Gad: and the captain of the sons of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Reuel.
Numbers 2:24	All that were numbered of the camp of Ephraim were an hundred thousand and eight thousand and an hundred, throughout their armies. And they shall go forward in the third rank.
Numbers 2:34	And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses: so they pitched by their standards, and so they set forward, every one after their families, according to the house of their fathers.
Numbers 3:10	And thou shalt appoint Aaron and his sons, and they shall wait on their priest's office: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death.
Numbers 3:20	And the sons of Merari by their families; Mahli, and Mushi. These are the families of the Levites according to the house of their fathers.
Numbers 3:30	And the chief of the house of the father of the families of the Kohathites shall be Elizaphan the son of Uzziel.
Numbers 3:40	And the LORD said unto Moses, Number all the firstborn of the males of the children of Israel from a month old and upward, and take the number of their names.
Numbers 3:50	Of the firstborn of the children of Israel took he the money; a thousand three hundred and threescore and five shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary:
Numbers 4:9	And they shall take a cloth of blue, and cover the candlestick of the light, and his lamps, and his tongs, and his snuffdishes, and all the oil vessels thereof, wherewith they minister unto it:
Numbers 4:19	But thus do unto them, that they may live, and not die, when they approach unto the most holy things: Aaron and his sons shall go in, and appoint them every one to his service and to his burden:
Numbers 4:29	As for the sons of Merari, thou shalt number them after their families, by the house of their fathers;
Numbers 4:39	From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation,
Numbers 4:49	According to the commandment of the LORD they were numbered by the hand of Moses, every one according to his service, and according to his burden: thus were they numbered of him, as the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 5:10	And every man's hallowed things shall be his: whatsoever any man giveth the priest, it shall be his.
Numbers 5:20	But if thou hast gone aside to another instead of thy husband, and if thou be defiled, and some man have lain with thee beside thine husband:
Numbers 5:30	Or when the spirit of jealousy cometh upon him, and he be jealous over his wife, and shall set the woman before the LORD, and the priest shall execute upon her all this law.
Numbers 6:9	And if any man die very suddenly by him, and he hath defiled the head of his consecration; then he shall shave his head in the day of his cleansing, on the seventh day shall he shave it.
Numbers 6:19	And the priest shall take the sodden shoulder of the ram, and one unleavened cake out of the basket, and one unleavened wafer, and shall put them upon the hands of the Nazarite, after the hair of his separation is shaven:
Numbers 7:2	That the princes of Israel, heads of the house of their fathers, who were the princes of the tribes, and were over them that were numbered, offered:
Numbers 7:12	And he that offered his offering the first day was Nahshon the son of Amminadab, of the tribe of Judah:
Numbers 7:22	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Numbers 7:32	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Numbers 7:42	On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Deuel, prince of the children of Gad, offered:
Numbers 7:52	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Numbers 7:62	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Numbers 7:72	On the eleventh day Pagiel the son of Ocran, prince of the children of Asher, offered:
Numbers 7:82	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Numbers 8:3	And Aaron did so; he lighted the lamps thereof over against the candlestick, as the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 8:13	And thou shalt set the Levites before Aaron, and before his sons, and offer them for an offering unto the LORD.
Numbers 8:23	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 9:7	And those men said unto him, We are defiled by the dead body of a man: wherefore are we kept back, that we may not offer an offering of the LORD in his appointed season among the children of Israel?
Numbers 9:17	And when the cloud was taken up from the tabernacle, then after that the children of Israel journeyed: and in the place where the cloud abode, there the children of Israel pitched their tents.
Numbers 10:4	And if they blow but with one trumpet, then the princes, which are heads of the thousands of Israel, shall gather themselves unto thee.
Numbers 10:14	In the first place went the standard of the camp of the children of Judah according to their armies: and over his host was Nahshon the son of Amminadab.
Numbers 10:24	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Benjamin was Abidan the son of Gideoni.
Numbers 10:34	And the cloud of the LORD was upon them by day, when they went out of the camp.
Numbers 11:8	And the people went about, and gathered it, and ground it in mills, or beat it in a mortar, and baked it in pans, and made cakes of it: and the taste of it was as the taste of fresh oil.
Numbers 11:18	And say thou unto the people, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow, and ye shall eat flesh: for ye have wept in the ears of the LORD, saying, Who shall give us flesh to eat? for it was well with us in Egypt: therefore the LORD will give you flesh, and ye shall eat.
Numbers 11:28	And Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of Moses, one of his young men, answered and said, My lord Moses, forbid them.
Numbers 12:3	(Now the man Moses was very meek, above all the men which were upon the face of the earth.)
Numbers 12:13	And Moses cried unto the LORD, saying, Heal her now, O God, I beseech thee.
Numbers 13:7	Of the tribe of Issachar, Igal the son of Joseph.
Numbers 13:17	And Moses sent them to spy out the land of Canaan, and said unto them, Get you up this way southward, and go up into the mountain:
Numbers 13:27	And they told him, and said, We came unto the land whither thou sentest us, and surely it floweth with milk and honey; and this is the fruit of it.
Numbers 14:4	And they said one to another, Let us make a captain, and let us return into Egypt.
Numbers 14:14	And they will tell it to the inhabitants of this land: for they have heard that thou LORD art among this people, that thou LORD art seen face to face, and that thy cloud standeth over them, and that thou goest before them, by day time in a pillar of a cloud, and in a pillar of fire by night.
Numbers 14:24	But my servant Caleb, because he had another spirit with him, and hath followed me fully, him will I bring into the land whereinto he went; and his seed shall possess it.
Numbers 14:34	After the number of the days in which ye searched the land, even forty days, each day for a year, shall ye bear your iniquities, even forty years, and ye shall know my breach of promise.
Numbers 14:44	But they presumed to go up unto the hill top: nevertheless the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and Moses, departed not out of the camp.
Numbers 15:9	Then shall he bring with a bullock a meat offering of three tenth deals of flour mingled with half an hin of oil.
Numbers 15:19	Then it shall be, that, when ye eat of the bread of the land, ye shall offer up an heave offering unto the LORD.
Numbers 15:29	Ye shall have one law for him that sinneth through ignorance, both for him that is born among the children of Israel, and for the stranger that sojourneth among them.
Numbers 15:39	And it shall be unto you for a fringe, that ye may look upon it, and remember all the commandments of the LORD, and do them; and that ye seek not after your own heart and your own eyes, after which ye use to go a whoring:
Numbers 16:8	And Moses said unto Korah, Hear, I pray you, ye sons of Levi:
Numbers 16:18	And they took every man his censer, and put fire in them, and laid incense thereon, and stood in the door of the tabernacle of the congregation with Moses and Aaron.
Numbers 16:28	And Moses said, Hereby ye shall know that the LORD hath sent me to do all these works; for I have not done them of mine own mind.
Numbers 16:38	The censers of these sinners against their own souls, let them make them broad plates for a covering of the altar: for they offered them before the LORD, therefore they are hallowed: and they shall be a sign unto the children of Israel.
Numbers 16:48	And he stood between the dead and the living; and the plague was stayed.
Numbers 17:8	And it came to pass, that on the morrow Moses went into the tabernacle of witness; and, behold, the rod of Aaron for the house of Levi was budded, and brought forth buds, and bloomed blossoms, and yielded almonds.
Numbers 18:5	And ye shall keep the charge of the sanctuary, and the charge of the altar: that there be no wrath any more upon the children of Israel.
Numbers 18:15	Every thing that openeth the matrix in all flesh, which they bring unto the LORD, whether it be of men or beasts, shall be thine: nevertheless the firstborn of man shalt thou surely redeem, and the firstling of unclean beasts shalt thou redeem.
Numbers 18:25	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 19:3	And ye shall give her unto Eleazar the priest, that he may bring her forth without the camp, and one shall slay her before his face:
Numbers 19:13	Whosoever toucheth the dead body of any man that is dead, and purifieth not himself, defileth the tabernacle of the LORD; and that soul shall be cut off from Israel: because the water of separation was not sprinkled upon him, he shall be unclean; his uncleanness is yet upon him.
Numbers 20:1	Then came the children of Israel, even the whole congregation, into the desert of Zin in the first month: and the people abode in Kadesh; and Miriam died there, and was buried there.
Numbers 20:11	And Moses lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smote the rock twice: and the water came out abundantly, and the congregation drank, and their beasts also.
Numbers 20:21	Thus Edom refused to give Israel passage through his border: wherefore Israel turned away from him.
Numbers 21:2	And Israel vowed a vow unto the LORD, and said, If thou wilt indeed deliver this people into my hand, then I will utterly destroy their cities.
Numbers 21:12	From thence they removed, and pitched in the valley of Zared.
Numbers 21:22	Let me pass through thy land: we will not turn into the fields, or into the vineyards; we will not drink of the waters of the well: but we will go along by the king's high way, until we be past thy borders.
Numbers 21:32	And Moses sent to spy out Jaazer, and they took the villages thereof, and drove out the Amorites that were there.
Numbers 22:7	And the elders of Moab and the elders of Midian departed with the rewards of divination in their hand; and they came unto Balaam, and spake unto him the words of Balak.
Numbers 22:17	For I will promote thee unto very great honor, and I will do whatsoever thou sayest unto me: come therefore, I pray thee, curse me this people.
Numbers 22:27	And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD, she fell down under Balaam: and Balaam's anger was kindled, and he smote the ass with a staff.
Numbers 22:37	And Balak said unto Balaam, Did I not earnestly send unto thee to call thee? wherefore camest thou not unto me? am I not able indeed to promote thee to honor?
Numbers 23:6	And he returned unto him, and, lo, he stood by his burnt sacrifice, he, and all the princes of Moab.
Numbers 23:16	And the LORD met Balaam, and put a word in his mouth, and said, Go again unto Balak, and say thus.
Numbers 23:26	But Balaam answered and said unto Balak, Told not I thee, saying, All that the LORD speaketh, that I must do?
Numbers 24:6	As the valleys are they spread forth, as gardens by the river's side, as the trees of lign aloes which the LORD hath planted, and as cedar trees beside the waters.
Numbers 24:16	He hath said, which heard the words of God, and knew the knowledge of the most High, which saw the vision of the Almighty, falling into a trance, but having his eyes open:
Numbers 25:1	And Israel abode in Shittim, and the people began to commit whoredom with the daughters of Moab.
Numbers 25:11	Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the priest, hath turned my wrath away from the children of Israel, while he was zealous for my sake among them, that I consumed not the children of Israel in my jealousy.
Numbers 26:3	And Moses and Eleazar the priest spake with them in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho, saying,
Numbers 26:13	Of Zerah, the family of the Zarhites: of Shaul, the family of the Shaulites.
Numbers 26:23	Of the sons of Issachar after their families: of Tola, the family of the Tolaites: of Pua, the family of the Punites:
Numbers 26:33	And Zelophehad the son of Hepher had no sons, but daughters: and the names of the daughters of Zelophehad were Mahlah, and Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah.
Numbers 26:43	All the families of the Shuhamites, according to those that were numbered of them, were threescore and four thousand and four hundred.
Numbers 26:53	Unto these the land shall be divided for an inheritance according to the number of names.
Numbers 26:63	These are they that were numbered by Moses and Eleazar the priest, who numbered the children of Israel in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho.
Numbers 27:8	And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If a man die, and have no son, then ye shall cause his inheritance to pass unto his daughter.
Numbers 27:18	And the LORD said unto Moses, Take thee Joshua the son of Nun, a man in whom is the spirit, and lay thine hand upon him;
Numbers 28:5	And a tenth part of an ephah of flour for a meat offering, mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil.
Numbers 28:15	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering unto the LORD shall be offered, beside the continual burnt offering, and his drink offering.
Numbers 28:25	And on the seventh day ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work.
Numbers 29:4	And one tenth deal for one lamb, throughout the seven lambs:
Numbers 29:14	And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals unto every bullock of the thirteen bullocks, two tenth deals to each ram of the two rams,
Numbers 29:24	Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:
Numbers 29:34	And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, his meat offering, and his drink offering.
Numbers 30:4	And her father hear her vow, and her bond wherewith she hath bound her soul, and her father shall hold his peace at her; then all her vows shall stand, and every bond wherewith she hath bound her soul shall stand.
Numbers 30:14	But if her husband altogether hold his peace at her from day to day; then he establisheth all her vows, or all her bonds, which are upon her: he confirmeth them, because he held his peace at her in the day that he heard them.
Numbers 31:8	And they slew the kings of Midian, beside the rest of them that were slain; namely, Evi, and Rekem, and Zur, and Hur, and Reba, five kings of Midian: Balaam also the son of Beor they slew with the sword.
Numbers 31:18	But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves.
Numbers 31:28	And levy a tribute unto the LORD of the men of war which went out to battle: one soul of five hundred, both of the persons, and of the beeves, and of the asses, and of the sheep:
Numbers 31:38	And the beeves were thirty and six thousand; of which the LORD's tribute was threescore and twelve.
Numbers 31:48	And the officers which were over thousands of the host, the captains of thousands, and captains of hundreds, came near unto Moses:
Numbers 32:4	Even the country which the LORD smote before the congregation of Israel, is a land for cattle, and thy servants have cattle:
Numbers 32:14	And, behold, ye are risen up in your fathers' stead, an increase of sinful men, to augment yet the fierce anger of the LORD toward Israel.
Numbers 32:24	Build you cities for your little ones, and folds for your sheep; and do that which hath proceeded out of your mouth.
Numbers 32:34	And the children of Gad built Dibon, and Ataroth, and Aroer,
Numbers 33:2	And Moses wrote their goings out according to their journeys by the commandment of the LORD: and these are their journeys according to their goings out.
Numbers 33:12	And they took their journey out of the wilderness of Sin, and encamped in Dophkah.
Numbers 33:22	And they journeyed from Rissah, and pitched in Kehelathah.
Numbers 33:32	And they removed from Benejaakan, and encamped at Horhagidgad.
Numbers 33:42	And they departed from Zalmonah, and pitched in Punon.
Numbers 33:52	Then ye shall drive out all the inhabitants of the land from before you, and destroy all their pictures, and destroy all their molten images, and quite pluck down all their high places:
Numbers 34:6	And as for the western border, ye shall even have the great sea for a border: this shall be your west border.
Numbers 34:16	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 34:26	And the prince of the tribe of the children of Issachar, Paltiel the son of Azzan.
Numbers 35:7	So all the cities which ye shall give to the Levites shall be forty and eight cities: them shall ye give with their suburbs.
Numbers 35:17	And if he smite him with throwing a stone, wherewith he may die, and he die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to death.
Numbers 35:27	And the revenger of blood find him without the borders of the city of his refuge, and the revenger of blood kill the slayer; he shall not be guilty of blood:
Numbers 36:3	And if they be married to any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of Israel, then shall their inheritance be taken from the inheritance of our fathers, and shall be put to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they are received: so shall it be taken from the lot of our inheritance.
Numbers 36:13	These are the commandments and the judgments, which the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses unto the children of Israel in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho.
Deuteronomy 1:10	The LORD your God hath multiplied you, and, behold, ye are this day as the stars of heaven for multitude.
Deuteronomy 1:20	And I said unto you, Ye are come unto the mountain of the Amorites, which the LORD our God doth give unto us.
Deuteronomy 1:30	The LORD your God which goeth before you, he shall fight for you, according to all that he did for you in Egypt before your eyes;
Deuteronomy 1:40	But as for you, turn you, and take your journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea.
Deuteronomy 2:4	And command thou the people, saying, Ye are to pass through the coast of your brethren the children of Esau, which dwell in Seir; and they shall be afraid of you: take ye good heed unto yourselves therefore:
Deuteronomy 2:14	And the space in which we came from Kadeshbarnea, until we were come over the brook Zered, was thirty and eight years; until all the generation of the men of war were wasted out from among the host, as the LORD sware unto them.
Deuteronomy 2:24	Rise ye up, take your journey, and pass over the river Arnon: behold, I have given into thine hand Sihon the Amorite, king of Heshbon, and his land: begin to possess it, and contend with him in battle.
Deuteronomy 2:34	And we took all his cities at that time, and utterly destroyed the men, and the women, and the little ones, of every city, we left none to remain:
Deuteronomy 3:7	But all the cattle, and the spoil of the cities, we took for a prey to ourselves.
Deuteronomy 3:17	The plain also, and Jordan, and the coast thereof, from Chinnereth even unto the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, under Ashdothpisgah eastward.
Deuteronomy 3:27	Get thee up into the top of Pisgah, and lift up thine eyes westward, and northward, and southward, and eastward, and behold it with thine eyes: for thou shalt not go over this Jordan.
Deuteronomy 4:8	And what nation is there so great, that hath statutes and judgments so righteous as all this law, which I set before you this day?
Deuteronomy 4:18	The likeness of any thing that creepeth on the ground, the likeness of any fish that is in the waters beneath the earth:
Deuteronomy 4:28	And there ye shall serve gods, the work of men's hands, wood and stone, which neither see, nor hear, nor eat, nor smell.
Deuteronomy 4:38	To drive out nations from before thee greater and mightier than thou art, to bring thee in, to give thee their land for an inheritance, as it is this day.
Deuteronomy 4:48	From Aroer, which is by the bank of the river Arnon, even unto mount Sion, which is Hermon,
Deuteronomy 5:9	Thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me,
Deuteronomy 5:19	Neither shalt thou steal.
Deuteronomy 5:29	O that there were such an heart in them, that they would fear me, and keep all my commandments always, that it might be well with them, and with their children for ever!
Deuteronomy 6:6	And these words, which I command thee this day, shall be in thine heart:
Deuteronomy 6:16	Ye shall not tempt the LORD your God, as ye tempted him in Massah.
Deuteronomy 7:1	When the LORD thy God shall bring thee into the land whither thou goest to possess it, and hath cast out many nations before thee, the Hittites, and the Girgashites, and the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, seven nations greater and mightier than thou;
Deuteronomy 7:11	Thou shalt therefore keep the commandments, and the statutes, and the judgments, which I command thee this day, to do them.
Deuteronomy 7:21	Thou shalt not be affrighted at them: for the LORD thy God is among you, a mighty God and terrible.
Deuteronomy 8:5	Thou shalt also consider in thine heart, that, as a man chasteneth his son, so the LORD thy God chasteneth thee.
Deuteronomy 8:15	Who led thee through that great and terrible wilderness, wherein were fiery serpents, and scorpions, and drought, where there was no water; who brought thee forth water out of the rock of flint;
Deuteronomy 9:5	Not for thy righteousness, or for the uprightness of thine heart, dost thou go to possess their land: but for the wickedness of these nations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from before thee, and that he may perform the word which the LORD sware unto thy fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
Deuteronomy 9:15	So I turned and came down from the mount, and the mount burned with fire: and the two tables of the covenant were in my two hands.
Deuteronomy 9:25	Thus I fell down before the LORD forty days and forty nights, as I fell down at the first; because the LORD had said he would destroy you.
Deuteronomy 10:6	And the children of Israel took their journey from Beeroth of the children of Jaakan to Mosera: there Aaron died, and there he was buried; and Eleazar his son ministered in the priest's office in his stead.
Deuteronomy 10:16	Circumcise therefore the foreskin of your heart, and be no more stiffnecked.
Deuteronomy 11:4	And what he did unto the army of Egypt, unto their horses, and to their chariots; how he made the water of the Red sea to overflow them as they pursued after you, and how the LORD hath destroyed them unto this day;
Deuteronomy 11:14	That I will give you the rain of your land in his due season, the first rain and the latter rain, that thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil.
Deuteronomy 11:24	Every place whereon the soles of your feet shall tread shall be yours: from the wilderness and Lebanon, from the river, the river Euphrates, even unto the uttermost sea shall your coast be.
Deuteronomy 12:2	Ye shall utterly destroy all the places, wherein the nations which ye shall possess served their gods, upon the high mountains, and upon the hills, and under every green tree:
Deuteronomy 12:12	And ye shall rejoice before the LORD your God, ye, and your sons, and your daughters, and your menservants, and your maidservants, and the Levite that is within your gates; forasmuch as he hath no part nor inheritance with you.
Deuteronomy 12:22	Even as the roebuck and the hart is eaten, so thou shalt eat them: the unclean and the clean shall eat of them alike.
Deuteronomy 12:32	What thing soever I command you, observe to do it: thou shalt not add thereto, nor diminish from it.
Deuteronomy 13:10	And thou shalt stone him with stones, that he die; because he hath sought to thrust thee away from the LORD thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage.
Deuteronomy 14:2	For thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God, and the LORD hath chosen thee to be a peculiar people unto himself, above all the nations that are upon the earth.
Deuteronomy 14:12	But these are they of which ye shall not eat: the eagle, and the ossifrage, and the ospray,
Deuteronomy 14:22	Thou shalt truly tithe all the increase of thy seed, that the field bringeth forth year by year.
Deuteronomy 15:3	Of a foreigner thou mayest exact it again: but that which is thine with thy brother thine hand shall release;
Deuteronomy 15:13	And when thou sendest him out free from thee, thou shalt not let him go away empty:
Deuteronomy 15:23	Only thou shalt not eat the blood thereof; thou shalt pour it upon the ground as water.
Deuteronomy 16:10	And thou shalt keep the feast of weeks unto the LORD thy God with a tribute of a freewill offering of thine hand, which thou shalt give unto the LORD thy God, according as the LORD thy God hath blessed thee:
Deuteronomy 16:20	That which is altogether just shalt thou follow, that thou mayest live, and inherit the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.
Deuteronomy 17:8	If there arise a matter too hard for thee in judgment, between blood and blood, between plea and plea, and between stroke and stroke, being matters of controversy within thy gates: then shalt thou arise, and get thee up into the place which the LORD thy God shall choose;
Deuteronomy 17:18	And it shall be, when he sitteth upon the throne of his kingdom, that he shall write him a copy of this law in a book out of that which is before the priests the Levites:
Deuteronomy 18:8	They shall have like portions to eat, beside that which cometh of the sale of his patrimony.
Deuteronomy 18:18	I will raise them up a Prophet from among their brethren, like unto thee, and will put my words in his mouth; and he shall speak unto them all that I shall command him.
Deuteronomy 19:6	Lest the avenger of the blood pursue the slayer, while his heart is hot, and overtake him, because the way is long, and slay him; whereas he was not worthy of death, inasmuch as he hated him not in time past.
Deuteronomy 19:16	If a false witness rise up against any man to testify against him that which is wrong;
Deuteronomy 20:5	And the officers shall speak unto the people, saying, What man is there that hath built a new house, and hath not dedicated it? let him go and return to his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man dedicate it.
Deuteronomy 20:15	Thus shalt thou do unto all the cities which are very far off from thee, which are not of the cities of these nations.
Deuteronomy 21:5	And the priests the sons of Levi shall come near; for them the LORD thy God hath chosen to minister unto him, and to bless in the name of the LORD; and by their word shall every controversy and every stroke be tried:
Deuteronomy 21:15	If a man have two wives, one beloved, and another hated, and they have born him children, both the beloved and the hated; and if the firstborn son be hers that was hated:
Deuteronomy 22:2	And if thy brother be not nigh unto thee, or if thou know him not, then thou shalt bring it unto thine own house, and it shall be with thee until thy brother seek after it, and thou shalt restore it to him again.
Deuteronomy 22:12	Thou shalt make thee fringes upon the four quarters of thy vesture, wherewith thou coverest thyself.
Deuteronomy 22:22	If a man be found lying with a woman married to an husband, then they shall both of them die, both the man that lay with the woman, and the woman: so shalt thou put away evil from Israel.
Deuteronomy 23:2	A bastard shall not enter into the congregation of the LORD; even to his tenth generation shall he not enter into the congregation of the LORD.
Deuteronomy 23:12	Thou shalt have a place also without the camp, whither thou shalt go forth abroad:
Deuteronomy 23:22	But if thou shalt forbear to vow, it shall be no sin in thee.
Deuteronomy 24:7	If a man be found stealing any of his brethren of the children of Israel, and maketh merchandise of him, or selleth him; then that thief shall die; and thou shalt put evil away from among you.
Deuteronomy 24:17	Thou shalt not pervert the judgment of the stranger, nor of the fatherless; nor take a widow's raiment to pledge:
Deuteronomy 25:5	If brethren dwell together, and one of them die, and have no child, the wife of the dead shall not marry without unto a stranger: her husband's brother shall go in unto her, and take her to him to wife, and perform the duty of an husband's brother unto her.
Deuteronomy 25:15	But thou shalt have a perfect and just weight, a perfect and just measure shalt thou have: that thy days may be lengthened in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.
Deuteronomy 26:6	And the Egyptians evil entreated us, and afflicted us, and laid upon us hard bondage:
Deuteronomy 26:16	This day the LORD thy God hath commanded thee to do these statutes and judgments: thou shalt therefore keep and do them with all thine heart, and with all thy soul.
Deuteronomy 27:7	And thou shalt offer peace offerings, and shalt eat there, and rejoice before the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 27:17	Cursed be he that removeth his neighbor's landmark. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Deuteronomy 28:1	And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe and to do all his commandments which I command thee this day, that the LORD thy God will set thee on high above all nations of the earth:
Deuteronomy 28:11	And the LORD shall make thee plenteous in goods, in the fruit of thy body, and in the fruit of thy cattle, and in the fruit of thy ground, in the land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers to give thee.
Deuteronomy 28:21	The LORD shall make the pestilence cleave unto thee, until he have consumed thee from off the land, whither thou goest to possess it.
Deuteronomy 28:31	Thine ox shall be slain before thine eyes, and thou shalt not eat thereof: thine ass shall be violently taken away from before thy face, and shall not be restored to thee: thy sheep shall be given unto thine enemies, and thou shalt have none to rescue them.
Deuteronomy 28:41	Thou shalt beget sons and daughters, but thou shalt not enjoy them; for they shall go into captivity.
Deuteronomy 28:51	And he shall eat the fruit of thy cattle, and the fruit of thy land, until thou be destroyed: which also shall not leave thee either corn, wine, or oil, or the increase of thy kine, or flocks of thy sheep, until he have destroyed thee.
Deuteronomy 28:61	Also every sickness, and every plague, which is not written in the book of this law, them will the LORD bring upon thee, until thou be destroyed.
Deuteronomy 29:3	The great temptations which thine eyes have seen, the signs, and those great miracles:
Deuteronomy 29:13	That he may establish thee to day for a people unto himself, and that he may be unto thee a God, as he hath said unto thee, and as he hath sworn unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob.
Deuteronomy 29:23	And that the whole land thereof is brimstone, and salt, and burning, that it is not sown, nor beareth, nor any grass groweth therein, like the overthrow of Sodom, and Gomorrah, Admah, and Zeboim, which the LORD overthrew in his anger, and in his wrath:
Deuteronomy 30:4	If any of thine be driven out unto the outmost parts of heaven, from thence will the LORD thy God gather thee, and from thence will he fetch thee:
Deuteronomy 30:14	But the word is very nigh unto thee, in thy mouth, and in thy heart, that thou mayest do it.
Deuteronomy 31:4	And the LORD shall do unto them as he did to Sihon and to Og, kings of the Amorites, and unto the land of them, whom he destroyed.
Deuteronomy 31:14	And the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thy days approach that thou must die: call Joshua, and present yourselves in the tabernacle of the congregation, that I may give him a charge. And Moses and Joshua went, and presented themselves in the tabernacle of the congregation.
Deuteronomy 31:24	And it came to pass, when Moses had made an end of writing the words of this law in a book, until they were finished,
Deuteronomy 32:4	He is the Rock, his work is perfect: for all his ways are judgment: a God of truth and without iniquity, just and right is he.
Deuteronomy 32:14	Butter of kine, and milk of sheep, with fat of lambs, and rams of the breed of Bashan, and goats, with the fat of kidneys of wheat; and thou didst drink the pure blood of the grape.
Deuteronomy 32:24	They shall be burnt with hunger, and devoured with burning heat, and with bitter destruction: I will also send the teeth of beasts upon them, with the poison of serpents of the dust.
Deuteronomy 32:34	Is not this laid up in store with me, and sealed up among my treasures?
Deuteronomy 32:44	And Moses came and spake all the words of this song in the ears of the people, he, and Hoshea the son of Nun.
Deuteronomy 33:2	And he said, The LORD came from Sinai, and rose up from Seir unto them; he shined forth from mount Paran, and he came with ten thousands of saints: from his right hand went a fiery law for them.
Deuteronomy 33:12	And of Benjamin he said, The beloved of the LORD shall dwell in safety by him; and the Lord shall cover him all the day long, and he shall dwell between his shoulders.
Deuteronomy 33:22	And of Dan he said, Dan is a lion's whelp: he shall leap from Bashan.
Deuteronomy 34:3	And the south, and the plain of the valley of Jericho, the city of palm trees, unto Zoar.
Joshua 1:1	Now after the death of Moses the servant of the LORD it came to pass, that the LORD spake unto Joshua the son of Nun, Moses' minister, saying,
Joshua 1:11	Pass through the host, and command the people, saying, Prepare you victuals; for within three days ye shall pass over this Jordan, to go in to possess the land, which the LORD your God giveth you to possess it.
Joshua 2:3	And the king of Jericho sent unto Rahab, saying, Bring forth the men that are come to thee, which are entered into thine house: for they be come to search out all the country.
Joshua 2:13	And that ye will save alive my father, and my mother, and my brethren, and my sisters, and all that they have, and deliver our lives from death.
Joshua 2:23	So the two men returned, and descended from the mountain, and passed over, and came to Joshua the son of Nun, and told him all things that befell them:
Joshua 3:9	And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, Come hither, and hear the words of the LORD your God.
Joshua 4:2	Take you twelve men out of the people, out of every tribe a man,
Joshua 4:12	And the children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, and half the tribe of Manasseh, passed over armed before the children of Israel, as Moses spake unto them:
Joshua 4:22	Then ye shall let your children know, saying, Israel came over this Jordan on dry land.
Joshua 5:8	And it came to pass, when they had done circumcising all the people, that they abode in their places in the camp, till they were whole.
Joshua 6:3	And ye shall compass the city, all ye men of war, and go round about the city once. Thus shalt thou do six days.
Joshua 6:13	And seven priests bearing seven trumpets of rams' horns before the ark of the LORD went on continually, and blew with the trumpets: and the armed men went before them; but the rearward came after the ark of the LORD, the priests going on, and blowing with the trumpets.
Joshua 6:23	And the young men that were spies went in, and brought out Rahab, and her father, and her mother, and her brethren, and all that she had; and they brought out all her kindred, and left them without the camp of Israel.
Joshua 7:6	And Joshua rent his clothes, and fell to the earth upon his face before the ark of the LORD until the eventide, he and the elders of Israel, and put dust upon their heads.
Joshua 7:16	So Joshua rose up early in the morning, and brought Israel by their tribes; and the tribe of Judah was taken:
Joshua 7:26	And they raised over him a great heap of stones unto this day. So the LORD turned from the fierceness of his anger. Wherefore the name of that place was called, The valley of Achor, unto this day.
Joshua 8:10	And Joshua rose up early in the morning, and numbered the people, and went up, he and the elders of Israel, before the people to Ai.
Joshua 8:20	And when the men of Ai looked behind them, they saw, and, behold, the smoke of the city ascended up to heaven, and they had no power to flee this way or that way: and the people that fled to the wilderness turned back upon the pursuers.
Joshua 8:30	Then Joshua built an altar unto the LORD God of Israel in mount Ebal,
Joshua 9:5	And old shoes and clouted upon their feet, and old garments upon them; and all the bread of their provision was dry and mouldy.
Joshua 9:15	And Joshua made peace with them, and made a league with them, to let them live: and the princes of the congregation sware unto them.
Joshua 9:25	And now, behold, we are in thine hand: as it seemeth good and right unto thee to do unto us, do.
Joshua 10:8	And the LORD said unto Joshua, Fear them not: for I have delivered them into thine hand; there shall not a man of them stand before thee.
Joshua 10:18	And Joshua said, Roll great stones upon the mouth of the cave, and set men by it for to keep them:
Joshua 10:28	And that day Joshua took Makkedah, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and the king thereof he utterly destroyed, them, and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain: and he did to the king of Makkedah as he did unto the king of Jericho.
Joshua 10:38	And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, to Debir; and fought against it:
Joshua 11:5	And when all these kings were met together, they came and pitched together at the waters of Merom, to fight against Israel.
Joshua 11:15	As the LORD commanded Moses his servant, so did Moses command Joshua, and so did Joshua; he left nothing undone of all that the LORD commanded Moses.
Joshua 12:2	Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwelt in Heshbon, and ruled from Aroer, which is upon the bank of the river Arnon, and from the middle of the river, and from half Gilead, even unto the river Jabbok, which is the border of the children of Ammon;
Joshua 12:12	The king of Eglon, one; the king of Gezer, one;
Joshua 12:22	The king of Kedesh, one; the king of Jokneam of Carmel, one;
Joshua 13:8	With whom the Reubenites and the Gadites have received their inheritance, which Moses gave them, beyond Jordan eastward, even as Moses the servant of the LORD gave them;
Joshua 13:18	And Jahaza, and Kedemoth, and Mephaath,
Joshua 13:28	This is the inheritance of the children of Gad after their families, the cities, and their villages.
Joshua 14:5	As the LORD commanded Moses, so the children of Israel did, and they divided the land.
Joshua 14:15	And the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba; which Arba was a great man among the Anakims. And the land had rest from war.
Joshua 15:10	And the border compassed from Baalah westward unto mount Seir, and passed along unto the side of mount Jearim, which is Chesalon, on the north side, and went down to Bethshemesh, and passed on to Timnah:
Joshua 15:20	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Judah according to their families.
Joshua 15:30	And Eltolad, and Chesil, and Hormah,
Joshua 15:40	And Cabbon, and Lahmam, and Kithlish,
Joshua 15:50	And Anab, and Eshtemoh, and Anim,
Joshua 15:60	Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, and Rabbah; two cities with their villages:
Joshua 16:7	And it went down from Janohah to Ataroth, and to Naarath, and came to Jericho, and went out at Jordan.
Joshua 17:7	And the coast of Manasseh was from Asher to Michmethah, that lieth before Shechem; and the border went along on the right hand unto the inhabitants of Entappuah.
Joshua 17:17	And Joshua spake unto the house of Joseph, even to Ephraim and to Manasseh, saying, Thou art a great people, and hast great power: thou shalt not have one lot only:
Joshua 18:9	And the men went and passed through the land, and described it by cities into seven parts in a book, and came again to Joshua to the host at Shiloh.
Joshua 18:19	And the border passed along to the side of Bethhoglah northward: and the outgoings of the border were at the north bay of the salt sea at the south end of Jordan: this was the south coast.
Joshua 19:1	And the second lot came forth to Simeon, even for the tribe of the children of Simeon according to their families: and their inheritance was within the inheritance of the children of Judah.
Joshua 19:11	And their border went up toward the sea, and Maralah, and reached to Dabbasheth, and reached to the river that is before Jokneam;
Joshua 19:21	And Remeth, and Engannim, and Enhaddah, and Bethpazzez;
Joshua 19:31	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Asher according to their families, these cities with their villages.
Joshua 19:41	And the coast of their inheritance was Zorah, and Eshtaol, and Irshemesh,
Joshua 19:51	These are the inheritances, which Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun, and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel, divided for an inheritance by lot in Shiloh before the LORD, at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. So they made an end of dividing the country.
Joshua 21:1	Then came near the heads of the fathers of the Levites unto Eleazar the priest, and unto Joshua the son of Nun, and unto the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel;
Joshua 21:11	And they gave them the city of Arba the father of Anak, which city is Hebron, in the hill country of Judah, with the suburbs thereof round about it.
Joshua 21:21	For they gave them Shechem with her suburbs in mount Ephraim, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Gezer with her suburbs,
Joshua 21:31	Helkath with her suburbs, and Rehob with her suburbs; four cities.
Joshua 21:41	All the cities of the Levites within the possession of the children of Israel were forty and eight cities with their suburbs.
Joshua 22:6	So Joshua blessed them, and sent them away: and they went unto their tents.
Joshua 22:16	Thus saith the whole congregation of the LORD, What trespass is this that ye have committed against the God of Israel, to turn away this day from following the LORD, in that ye have builded you an altar, that ye might rebel this day against the LORD?
Joshua 22:26	Therefore we said, Let us now prepare to build us an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for sacrifice:
Joshua 23:2	And Joshua called for all Israel, and for their elders, and for their heads, and for their judges, and for their officers, and said unto them, I am old and stricken in age:
Joshua 23:12	Else if ye do in any wise go back, and cleave unto the remnant of these nations, even these that remain among you, and shall make marriages with them, and go in unto them, and they to you:
Joshua 24:6	And I brought your fathers out of Egypt: and ye came unto the sea; and the Egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and horsemen unto the Red sea.
Joshua 24:16	And the people answered and said, God forbid that we should forsake the LORD, to serve other gods;
Joshua 24:26	And Joshua wrote these words in the book of the law of God, and took a great stone, and set it up there under an oak, that was by the sanctuary of the LORD.
Judges 1:3	And Judah said unto Simeon his brother, Come up with me into my lot, that we may fight against the Canaanites; and I likewise will go with thee into thy lot. So Simeon went with him.
Judges 1:13	And Othniel the son of Kenaz, Caleb's younger brother, took it: and he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife.
Judges 1:23	And the house of Joseph sent to descry Bethel. (Now the name of the city before was Luz.)
Judges 1:33	Neither did Naphtali drive out the inhabitants of Bethshemesh, nor the inhabitants of Bethanath; but he dwelt among the Canaanites, the inhabitants of the land: nevertheless the inhabitants of Bethshemesh and of Bethanath became tributaries unto them.
Judges 2:7	And the people served the LORD all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the elders that outlived Joshua, who had seen all the great works of the LORD, that he did for Israel.
Judges 2:17	And yet they would not hearken unto their judges, but they went a whoring after other gods, and bowed themselves unto them: they turned quickly out of the way which their fathers walked in, obeying the commandments of the LORD; but they did not so.
Judges 3:4	And they were to prove Israel by them, to know whether they would hearken unto the commandments of the LORD, which he commanded their fathers by the hand of Moses.
Judges 3:14	So the children of Israel served Eglon the king of Moab eighteen years.
Judges 3:24	When he was gone out, his servants came; and when they saw that, behold, the doors of the parlor were locked, they said, Surely he covereth his feet in his summer chamber.
Judges 4:3	And the children of Israel cried unto the LORD: for he had nine hundred chariots of iron; and twenty years he mightily oppressed the children of Israel.
Judges 4:13	And Sisera gathered together all his chariots, even nine hundred chariots of iron, and all the people that were with him, from Harosheth of the Gentiles unto the river of Kishon.
Judges 4:23	So God subdued on that day Jabin the king of Canaan before the children of Israel.
Judges 5:9	My heart is toward the governors of Israel, that offered themselves willingly among the people. Bless ye the LORD.
Judges 5:19	The kings came and fought, then fought the kings of Canaan in Taanach by the waters of Megiddo; they took no gain of money.
Judges 5:29	Her wise ladies answered her, yea, she returned answer to herself,
Judges 6:8	That the LORD sent a prophet unto the children of Israel, which said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I brought you up from Egypt, and brought you forth out of the house of bondage;
Judges 6:18	Depart not hence, I pray thee, until I come unto thee, and bring forth my present, and set it before thee. And he said, I will tarry until thou come again.
Judges 6:28	And when the men of the city arose early in the morning, behold, the altar of Baal was cast down, and the grove was cut down that was by it, and the second bullock was offered upon the altar that was built.
Judges 6:38	And it was so: for he rose up early on the morrow, and thrust the fleece together, and wringed the dew out of the fleece, a bowl full of water.
Judges 7:8	So the people took victuals in their hand, and their trumpets: and he sent all the rest of Israel every man unto his tent, and retained those three hundred men: and the host of Midian was beneath him in the valley.
Judges 7:18	When I blow with a trumpet, I and all that are with me, then blow ye the trumpets also on every side of all the camp, and say, The sword of the LORD, and of Gideon.
Judges 8:3	God hath delivered into your hands the princes of Midian, Oreb and Zeeb: and what was I able to do in comparison of you? Then their anger was abated toward him, when he had said that.
Judges 8:13	And Gideon the son of Joash returned from battle before the sun was up,
Judges 8:23	And Gideon said unto them, I will not rule over you, neither shall my son rule over you: the LORD shall rule over you.
Judges 8:33	And it came to pass, as soon as Gideon was dead, that the children of Israel turned again, and went a whoring after Baalim, and made Baalberith their god.
Judges 9:8	The trees went forth on a time to anoint a king over them; and they said unto the olive tree, Reign thou over us.
Judges 9:18	And ye are risen up against my father's house this day, and have slain his sons, threescore and ten persons, upon one stone, and have made Abimelech, the son of his maidservant, king over the men of Shechem, because he is your brother;)
Judges 9:28	And Gaal the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we should serve him? is not he the son of Jerubbaal? and Zebul his officer? serve the men of Hamor the father of Shechem: for why should we serve him?
Judges 9:38	Then said Zebul unto him, Where is now thy mouth, wherewith thou saidst, Who is Abimelech, that we should serve him? is not this the people that thou hast despised? go out, I pray now, and fight with them.
Judges 9:48	And Abimelech gat him up to mount Zalmon, he and all the people that were with him; and Abimelech took an axe in his hand, and cut down a bough from the trees, and took it, and laid it on his shoulder, and said unto the people that were with him, What ye have seen me do, make haste, and do as I have done.
Judges 10:1	And after Abimelech there arose to defend Israel Tola the son of Puah, the son of Dodo, a man of Issachar; and he dwelt in Shamir in mount Ephraim.
Judges 10:11	And the LORD said unto the children of Israel, Did not I deliver you from the Egyptians, and from the Amorites, from the children of Ammon, and from the Philistines?
Judges 11:3	Then Jephthah fled from his brethren, and dwelt in the land of Tob: and there were gathered vain men to Jephthah, and went out with him.
Judges 11:13	And the king of the children of Ammon answered unto the messengers of Jephthah, Because Israel took away my land, when they came up out of Egypt, from Arnon even unto Jabbok, and unto Jordan: now therefore restore those lands again peaceably.
Judges 11:23	So now the LORD God of Israel hath dispossessed the Amorites from before his people Israel, and shouldest thou possess it?
Judges 11:33	And he smote them from Aroer, even till thou come to Minnith, even twenty cities, and unto the plain of the vineyards, with a very great slaughter. Thus the children of Ammon were subdued before the children of Israel.
Judges 12:3	And when I saw that ye delivered me not, I put my life in my hands, and passed over against the children of Ammon, and the LORD delivered them into my hand: wherefore then are ye come up unto me this day, to fight against me?
Judges 12:13	And after him Abdon the son of Hillel, a Pirathonite, judged Israel.
Judges 13:8	Then Manoah intreated the LORD, and said, O my Lord, let the man of God which thou didst send come again unto us, and teach us what we shall do unto the child that shall be born.
Judges 13:18	And the angel of the LORD said unto him, Why askest thou thus after my name, seeing it is secret?
Judges 14:3	Then his father and his mother said unto him, Is there never a woman among the daughters of thy brethren, or among all my people, that thou goest to take a wife of the uncircumcised Philistines? And Samson said unto his father, Get her for me; for she pleaseth me well.
Judges 14:13	But if ye cannot declare it me, then shall ye give me thirty sheets and thirty change of garments. And they said unto him, Put forth thy riddle, that we may hear it.
Judges 15:3	And Samson said concerning them, Now shall I be more blameless than the Philistines, though I do them a displeasure.
Judges 15:13	And they spake unto him, saying, No; but we will bind thee fast, and deliver thee into their hand: but surely we will not kill thee. And they bound him with two new cords, and brought him up from the rock.
Judges 16:3	And Samson lay till midnight, and arose at midnight, and took the doors of the gate of the city, and the two posts, and went away with them, bar and all, and put them upon his shoulders, and carried them up to the top of an hill that is before Hebron.
Judges 16:13	And Delilah said unto Samson, Hitherto thou hast mocked me, and told me lies: tell me wherewith thou mightest be bound. And he said unto her, If thou weavest the seven locks of my head with the web.
Judges 16:23	Then the lords of the Philistines gathered them together for to offer a great sacrifice unto Dagon their god, and to rejoice: for they said, Our god hath delivered Samson our enemy into our hand.
Judges 17:2	And he said unto his mother, The eleven hundred shekels of silver that were taken from thee, about which thou cursedst, and spakest of also in mine ears, behold, the silver is with me; I took it. And his mother said, Blessed be thou of the LORD, my son.
Judges 17:12	And Micah consecrated the Levite; and the young man became his priest, and was in the house of Micah.
Judges 18:9	And they said, Arise, that we may go up against them: for we have seen the land, and, behold, it is very good: and are ye still? be not slothful to go, and to enter to possess the land.
Judges 18:19	And they said unto him, Hold thy peace, lay thine hand upon thy mouth, and go with us, and be to us a father and a priest: is it better for thee to be a priest unto the house of one man, or that thou be a priest unto a tribe and a family in Israel?
Judges 18:29	And they called the name of the city Dan, after the name of Dan their father, who was born unto Israel: howbeit the name of the city was Laish at the first.
Judges 19:8	And he arose early in the morning on the fifth day to depart; and the damsel's father said, Comfort thine heart, I pray thee. And they tarried until afternoon, and they did eat both of them.
Judges 19:18	And he said unto him, We are passing from Bethlehemjudah toward the side of mount Ephraim; from thence am I: and I went to Bethlehemjudah, but I am now going to the house of the LORD; and there is no man that receiveth me to house.
Judges 19:28	And he said unto her, Up, and let us be going. But none answered. Then the man took her up upon an ass, and the man rose up, and gat him unto his place.
Judges 20:8	And all the people arose as one man, saying, We will not any of us go to his tent, neither will we any of us turn into his house.
Judges 20:18	And the children of Israel arose, and went up to the house of God, and asked counsel of God, and said, Which of us shall go up first to the battle against the children of Benjamin? And the LORD said, Judah shall go up first.
Judges 20:28	And Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron, stood before it in those days,) saying, Shall I yet again go out to battle against the children of Benjamin my brother, or shall I cease? And the LORD said, Go up; for to morrow I will deliver them into thine hand.
Judges 20:38	Now there was an appointed sign between the men of Israel and the liers in wait, that they should make a great flame with smoke rise up out of the city.
Judges 20:48	And the men of Israel turned again upon the children of Benjamin, and smote them with the edge of the sword, as well the men of every city, as the beast, and all that came to hand: also they set on fire all the cities that they came to.
Judges 21:10	And the congregation sent thither twelve thousand men of the valiantest, and commanded them, saying, Go and smite the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead with the edge of the sword, with the women and the children.
Judges 21:20	Therefore they commanded the children of Benjamin, saying, Go and lie in wait in the vineyards;
Ruth 1:5	And Mahlon and Chilion died also both of them; and the woman was left of her two sons and her husband.
Ruth 1:15	And she said, Behold, thy sister in law is gone back unto her people, and unto her gods: return thou after thy sister in law.
Ruth 2:3	And she went, and came, and gleaned in the field after the reapers: and her hap was to light on a part of the field belonging unto Boaz, who was of the kindred of Elimelech.
Ruth 2:13	Then she said, Let me find favor in thy sight, my lord; for that thou hast comforted me, and for that thou hast spoken friendly unto thine handmaid, though I be not like unto one of thine handmaidens.
Ruth 2:23	So she kept fast by the maidens of Boaz to glean unto the end of barley harvest and of wheat harvest; and dwelt with her mother in law.
Ruth 3:10	And he said, Blessed be thou of the LORD, my daughter: for thou hast showed more kindness in the latter end than at the beginning, inasmuch as thou followedst not young men, whether poor or rich.
Ruth 4:2	And he took ten men of the elders of the city, and said, Sit ye down here. And they sat down.
Ruth 4:12	And let thy house be like the house of Pharez, whom Tamar bare unto Judah, of the seed which the LORD shall give thee of this young woman.
Ruth 4:22	And Obed begat Jesse, and Jesse begat David.
1 Samuel 1:10	And she was in bitterness of soul, and prayed unto the LORD, and wept sore.
1 Samuel 1:20	Wherefore it came to pass, when the time was come about after Hannah had conceived, that she bare a son, and called his name Samuel, saying, Because I have asked him of the LORD.
1 Samuel 2:2	There is none holy as the LORD: for there is none beside thee: neither is there any rock like our God.
1 Samuel 2:12	Now the sons of Eli were sons of Belial; they knew not the LORD.
1 Samuel 2:22	Now Eli was very old, and heard all that his sons did unto all Israel; and how they lay with the women that assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
1 Samuel 2:32	And thou shalt see an enemy in my habitation, in all the wealth which God shall give Israel: and there shall not be an old man in thine house for ever.
1 Samuel 3:6	And the LORD called yet again, Samuel. And Samuel arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And he answered, I called not, my son; lie down again.
1 Samuel 3:16	Then Eli called Samuel, and said, Samuel, my son. And he answered, Here am I.
1 Samuel 4:5	And when the ark of the covenant of the LORD came into the camp, all Israel shouted with a great shout, so that the earth rang again.
1 Samuel 4:15	Now Eli was ninety and eight years old; and his eyes were dim, that he could not see.
1 Samuel 5:3	And when they of Ashdod arose early on the morrow, behold, Dagon was fallen upon his face to the earth before the ark of the LORD. And they took Dagon, and set him in his place again.
1 Samuel 6:1	And the ark of the LORD was in the country of the Philistines seven months.
1 Samuel 6:11	And they laid the ark of the LORD upon the cart, and the coffer with the mice of gold and the images of their emerods.
1 Samuel 6:21	And they sent messengers to the inhabitants of Kirjathjearim, saying, The Philistines have brought again the ark of the LORD; come ye down, and fetch it up to you.
1 Samuel 7:10	And as Samuel was offering up the burnt offering, the Philistines drew near to battle against Israel: but the LORD thundered with a great thunder on that day upon the Philistines, and discomfited them; and they were smitten before Israel.
1 Samuel 8:3	And his sons walked not in his ways, but turned aside after lucre, and took bribes, and perverted judgment.
1 Samuel 8:13	And he will take your daughters to be confectionaries, and to be cooks, and to be bakers.
1 Samuel 9:1	Now there was a man of Benjamin, whose name was Kish, the son of Abiel, the son of Zeror, the son of Bechorath, the son of Aphiah, a Benjamite, a mighty man of power.
1 Samuel 9:11	And as they went up the hill to the city, they found young maidens going out to draw water, and said unto them, Is the seer here?
1 Samuel 9:21	And Saul answered and said, Am not I a Benjamite, of the smallest of the tribes of Israel? and my family the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin? wherefore then speakest thou so to me?
1 Samuel 10:4	And they will salute thee, and give thee two loaves of bread; which thou shalt receive of their hands.
1 Samuel 10:14	And Saul's uncle said unto him and to his servant, Whither went ye? And he said, To seek the asses: and when we saw that they were no where, we came to Samuel.
1 Samuel 10:24	And Samuel said to all the people, See ye him whom the LORD hath chosen, that there is none like him among all the people? And all the people shouted, and said, God save the king.
1 Samuel 11:7	And he took a yoke of oxen, and hewed them in pieces, and sent them throughout all the coasts of Israel by the hands of messengers, saying, Whosoever cometh not forth after Saul and after Samuel, so shall it be done unto his oxen. And the fear of the LORD fell on the people, and they came out with one consent.
1 Samuel 12:2	And now, behold, the king walketh before you: and I am old and grayheaded; and, behold, my sons are with you: and I have walked before you from my childhood unto this day.
1 Samuel 12:12	And when ye saw that Nahash the king of the children of Ammon came against you, ye said unto me, Nay; but a king shall reign over us: when the LORD your God was your king.
1 Samuel 12:22	For the LORD will not forsake his people for his great name's sake: because it hath pleased the LORD to make you his people.
1 Samuel 13:7	And some of the Hebrews went over Jordan to the land of Gad and Gilead. As for Saul, he was yet in Gilgal, and all the people followed him trembling.
1 Samuel 13:17	And the spoilers came out of the camp of the Philistines in three companies: one company turned unto the way that leadeth to Ophrah, unto the land of Shual:
1 Samuel 14:4	And between the passages, by which Jonathan sought to go over unto the Philistines' garrison, there was a sharp rock on the one side, and a sharp rock on the other side: and the name of the one was Bozez, and the name of the other Seneh.
1 Samuel 14:14	And that first slaughter, which Jonathan and his armourbearer made, was about twenty men, within as it were an half acre of land, which a yoke of oxen might plow.
1 Samuel 14:24	And the men of Israel were distressed that day: for Saul had adjured the people, saying, Cursed be the man that eateth any food until evening, that I may be avenged on mine enemies. So none of the people tasted any food.
1 Samuel 14:34	And Saul said, Disperse yourselves among the people, and say unto them, Bring me hither every man his ox, and every man his sheep, and slay them here, and eat; and sin not against the LORD in eating with the blood. And all the people brought every man his ox with him that night, and slew them there.
1 Samuel 14:44	And Saul answered, God do so and more also: for thou shalt surely die, Jonathan.
1 Samuel 15:2	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I remember that which Amalek did to Israel, how he laid wait for him in the way, when he came up from Egypt.
1 Samuel 15:12	And when Samuel rose early to meet Saul in the morning, it was told Samuel, saying, Saul came to Carmel, and, behold, he set him up a place, and is gone about, and passed on, and gone down to Gilgal.
1 Samuel 15:22	And Samuel said, Hath the LORD as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the LORD? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams.
1 Samuel 15:32	Then said Samuel, Bring ye hither to me Agag the king of the Amalekites. And Agag came unto him delicately. And Agag said, Surely the bitterness of death is past.
1 Samuel 16:7	But the LORD said unto Samuel, Look not on his countenance, or on the height of his stature; because I have refused him: for the LORD seeth not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance, but the LORD looketh on the heart.
1 Samuel 16:17	And Saul said unto his servants, Provide me now a man that can play well, and bring him to me.
1 Samuel 17:4	And there went out a champion out of the camp of the Philistines, named Goliath, of Gath, whose height was six cubits and a span.
1 Samuel 17:14	And David was the youngest: and the three eldest followed Saul.
1 Samuel 17:24	And all the men of Israel, when they saw the man, fled from him, and were sore afraid.
1 Samuel 17:34	And David said unto Saul, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock:
1 Samuel 17:44	And the Philistine said to David, Come to me, and I will give thy flesh unto the fowls of the air, and to the beasts of the field.
1 Samuel 17:54	And David took the head of the Philistine, and brought it to Jerusalem; but he put his armor in his tent.
1 Samuel 18:6	And it came to pass as they came, when David was returned from the slaughter of the Philistine, that the women came out of all cities of Israel, singing and dancing, to meet king Saul, with tabrets, with joy, and with instruments of music.
1 Samuel 18:16	But all Israel and Judah loved David, because he went out and came in before them.
1 Samuel 18:26	And when his servants told David these words, it pleased David well to be the king's son in law: and the days were not expired.
1 Samuel 19:6	And Saul hearkened unto the voice of Jonathan: and Saul sware, As the LORD liveth, he shall not be slain.
1 Samuel 19:16	And when the messengers were come in, behold, there was an image in the bed, with a pillow of goats' hair for his bolster.
1 Samuel 20:2	And he said unto him, God forbid; thou shalt not die: behold, my father will do nothing either great or small, but that he will show it me: and why should my father hide this thing from me? it is not so.
1 Samuel 20:12	And Jonathan said unto David, O LORD God of Israel, when I have sounded my father about to morrow any time, or the third day, and, behold, if there be good toward David, and I then send not unto thee, and show it thee;
1 Samuel 20:22	But if I say thus unto the young man, Behold, the arrows are beyond thee; go thy way: for the LORD hath sent thee away.
1 Samuel 20:32	And Jonathan answered Saul his father, and said unto him, Wherefore shall he be slain? what hath he done?
1 Samuel 20:42	And Jonathan said to David, Go in peace, forasmuch as we have sworn both of us in the name of the LORD, saying, The LORD be between me and thee, and between my seed and thy seed for ever. And he arose and departed: and Jonathan went into the city.
1 Samuel 21:10	And David arose and fled that day for fear of Saul, and went to Achish the king of Gath.
1 Samuel 22:5	And the prophet Gad said unto David, Abide not in the hold; depart, and get thee into the land of Judah. Then David departed, and came into the forest of Hareth.
1 Samuel 22:15	Did I then begin to inquire of God for him? be it far from me: let not the king impute any thing unto his servant, nor to all the house of my father: for thy servant knew nothing of all this, less or more.
1 Samuel 23:2	Therefore David inquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go and smite these Philistines? And the LORD said unto David, Go, and smite the Philistines, and save Keilah.
1 Samuel 23:12	Then said David, Will the men of Keilah deliver me and my men into the hand of Saul? And the LORD said, They will deliver thee up.
1 Samuel 23:22	Go, I pray you, prepare yet, and know and see his place where his haunt is, and who hath seen him there: for it is told me that he dealeth very subtilly.
1 Samuel 24:3	And he came to the sheepcotes by the way, where was a cave; and Saul went in to cover his feet: and David and his men remained in the sides of the cave.
1 Samuel 24:13	As saith the proverb of the ancients, Wickedness proceedeth from the wicked: but mine hand shall not be upon thee.
1 Samuel 25:1	And Samuel died; and all the Israelites were gathered together, and lamented him, and buried him in his house at Ramah. And David arose, and went down to the wilderness of Paran.
1 Samuel 25:11	Shall I then take my bread, and my water, and my flesh that I have killed for my shearers, and give it unto men, whom I know not whence they be?
1 Samuel 25:21	Now David had said, Surely in vain have I kept all that this fellow hath in the wilderness, so that nothing was missed of all that pertained unto him: and he hath requited me evil for good.
1 Samuel 25:31	That this shall be no grief unto thee, nor offense of heart unto my lord, either that thou hast shed blood causeless, or that my lord hath avenged himself: but when the LORD shall have dealt well with my lord, then remember thine handmaid.
1 Samuel 25:41	And she arose, and bowed herself on her face to the earth, and said, Behold, let thine handmaid be a servant to wash the feet of the servants of my lord.
1 Samuel 26:7	So David and Abishai came to the people by night: and, behold, Saul lay sleeping within the trench, and his spear stuck in the ground at his bolster: but Abner and the people lay round about him.
1 Samuel 26:17	And Saul knew David's voice, and said, Is this thy voice, my son David? And David said, It is my voice, my lord, O king.
1 Samuel 27:2	And David arose, and he passed over with the six hundred men that were with him unto Achish, the son of Maoch, king of Gath.
1 Samuel 27:12	And Achish believed David, saying, He hath made his people Israel utterly to abhor him; therefore he shall be my servant for ever.
1 Samuel 28:10	And Saul sware to her by the LORD, saying, As the LORD liveth, there shall no punishment happen to thee for this thing.
1 Samuel 28:20	Then Saul fell straightway all along on the earth, and was sore afraid, because of the words of Samuel: and there was no strength in him; for he had eaten no bread all the day, nor all the night.
1 Samuel 29:5	Is not this David, of whom they sang one to another in dances, saying, Saul slew his thousands, and David his ten thousands?
1 Samuel 30:4	Then David and the people that were with him lifted up their voice and wept, until they had no more power to weep.
1 Samuel 30:14	We made an invasion upon the south of the Cherethites, and upon the coast which belongeth to Judah, and upon the south of Caleb; and we burned Ziklag with fire.
1 Samuel 30:24	For who will hearken unto you in this matter? but as his part is that goeth down to the battle, so shall his part be that tarrieth by the stuff: they shall part alike.
1 Samuel 31:3	And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him; and he was sore wounded of the archers.
1 Samuel 31:13	And they took their bones, and buried them under a tree at Jabesh, and fasted seven days.
2 Samuel 1:10	So I stood upon him, and slew him, because I was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen: and I took the crown that was upon his head, and the bracelet that was on his arm, and have brought them hither unto my lord.
2 Samuel 1:20	Tell it not in Gath, publish it not in the streets of Askelon; lest the daughters of the Philistines rejoice, lest the daughters of the uncircumcised triumph.
2 Samuel 2:3	And his men that were with him did David bring up, every man with his household: and they dwelt in the cities of Hebron.
2 Samuel 2:13	And Joab the son of Zeruiah, and the servants of David, went out, and met together by the pool of Gibeon: and they sat down, the one on the one side of the pool, and the other on the other side of the pool.
2 Samuel 2:23	Howbeit he refused to turn aside: wherefore Abner with the hinder end of the spear smote him under the fifth rib, that the spear came out behind him; and he fell down there, and died in the same place: and it came to pass, that as many as came to the place where Asahel fell down and died stood still.
2 Samuel 3:1	Now there was long war between the house of Saul and the house of David: but David waxed stronger and stronger, and the house of Saul waxed weaker and weaker.
2 Samuel 3:11	And he could not answer Abner a word again, because he feared him.
2 Samuel 3:21	And Abner said unto David, I will arise and go, and will gather all Israel unto my lord the king, that they may make a league with thee, and that thou mayest reign over all that thine heart desireth. And David sent Abner away; and he went in peace.
2 Samuel 3:31	And David said to Joab, and to all the people that were with him, Rend your clothes, and gird you with sackcloth, and mourn before Abner. And king David himself followed the bier.
2 Samuel 4:2	And Saul's son had two men that were captains of bands: the name of the one was Baanah, and the name of the other Rechab, the sons of Rimmon a Beerothite, of the children of Benjamin: (for Beeroth also was reckoned to Benjamin.
2 Samuel 4:12	And David commanded his young men, and they slew them, and cut off their hands and their feet, and hanged them up over the pool in Hebron. But they took the head of Ishbosheth, and buried it in the sepulchre of Abner in Hebron.
2 Samuel 5:10	And David went on, and grew great, and the LORD God of hosts was with him.
2 Samuel 5:20	And David came to Baalperazim, and David smote them there, and said, The LORD hath broken forth upon mine enemies before me, as the breach of waters. Therefore he called the name of that place Baalperazim.
2 Samuel 6:5	And David and all the house of Israel played before the LORD on all manner of instruments made of fir wood, even on harps, and on psalteries, and on timbrels, and on cornets, and on cymbals.
2 Samuel 6:15	So David and all the house of Israel brought up the ark of the LORD with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet.
2 Samuel 7:2	That the king said unto Nathan the prophet, See now, I dwell in an house of cedar, but the ark of God dwelleth within curtains.
2 Samuel 7:12	And when thy days be fulfilled, and thou shalt sleep with thy fathers, I will set up thy seed after thee, which shall proceed out of thy bowels, and I will establish his kingdom.
2 Samuel 7:22	Wherefore thou art great, O LORD God: for there is none like thee, neither is there any God beside thee, according to all that we have heard with our ears.
2 Samuel 8:3	David smote also Hadadezer, the son of Rehob, king of Zobah, as he went to recover his border at the river Euphrates.
2 Samuel 8:13	And David gat him a name when he returned from smiting of the Syrians in the valley of salt, being eighteen thousand men.
2 Samuel 9:5	Then king David sent, and fetched him out of the house of Machir, the son of Ammiel, from Lodebar.
2 Samuel 10:2	Then said David, I will show kindness unto Hanun the son of Nahash, as his father showed kindness unto me. And David sent to comfort him by the hand of his servants for his father. And David's servants came into the land of the children of Ammon.
2 Samuel 10:12	Be of good courage, and let us play the men for our people, and for the cities of our God: and the LORD do that which seemeth him good.
2 Samuel 11:3	And David sent and inquired after the woman. And one said, Is not this Bathsheba, the daughter of Eliam, the wife of Uriah the Hittite?
2 Samuel 11:13	And when David had called him, he did eat and drink before him; and he made him drunk: and at even he went out to lie on his bed with the servants of his lord, but went not down to his house.
2 Samuel 11:23	And the messenger said unto David, Surely the men prevailed against us, and came out unto us into the field, and we were upon them even unto the entering of the gate.
2 Samuel 12:6	And he shall restore the lamb fourfold, because he did this thing, and because he had no pity.
2 Samuel 12:16	David therefore besought God for the child; and David fasted, and went in, and lay all night upon the earth.
2 Samuel 12:26	And Joab fought against Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and took the royal city.
2 Samuel 13:5	And Jonadab said unto him, Lay thee down on thy bed, and make thyself sick: and when thy father cometh to see thee, say unto him, I pray thee, let my sister Tamar come, and give me meat, and dress the meat in my sight, that I may see it, and eat it at her hand.
2 Samuel 13:15	Then Amnon hated her exceedingly; so that the hatred wherewith he hated her was greater than the love wherewith he had loved her. And Amnon said unto her, Arise, be gone.
2 Samuel 13:25	And the king said to Absalom, Nay, my son, let us not all now go, lest we be chargeable unto thee. And he pressed him: howbeit he would not go, but blessed him.
2 Samuel 13:35	And Jonadab said unto the king, Behold, the king's sons come: as thy servant said, so it is.
2 Samuel 14:6	And thy handmaid had two sons, and they two strove together in the field, and there was none to part them, but the one smote the other, and slew him.
2 Samuel 14:16	For the king will hear, to deliver his handmaid out of the hand of the man that would destroy me and my son together out of the inheritance of God.
2 Samuel 14:26	And when he polled his head, (for it was at every year's end that he polled it: because the hair was heavy on him, therefore he polled it:) he weighed the hair of his head at two hundred shekels after the king's weight.
2 Samuel 15:3	And Absalom said unto him, See, thy matters are good and right; but there is no man deputed of the king to hear thee.
2 Samuel 15:13	And there came a messenger to David, saying, The hearts of the men of Israel are after Absalom.
2 Samuel 15:23	And all the country wept with a loud voice, and all the people passed over: the king also himself passed over the brook Kidron, and all the people passed over, toward the way of the wilderness.
2 Samuel 15:33	Unto whom David said, If thou passest on with me, then thou shalt be a burden unto me:
2 Samuel 16:6	And he cast stones at David, and at all the servants of king David: and all the people and all the mighty men were on his right hand and on his left.
2 Samuel 16:16	And it came to pass, when Hushai the Archite, David's friend, was come unto Absalom, that Hushai said unto Absalom, God save the king, God save the king.
2 Samuel 17:3	And I will bring back all the people unto thee: the man whom thou seekest is as if all returned: so all the people shall be in peace.
2 Samuel 17:13	Moreover, if he be gotten into a city, then shall all Israel bring ropes to that city, and we will draw it into the river, until there be not one small stone found there.
2 Samuel 17:23	And when Ahithophel saw that his counsel was not followed, he saddled his ass, and arose, and gat him home to his house, to his city, and put his household in order, and hanged himself, and died, and was buried in the sepulchre of his father.
2 Samuel 18:4	And the king said unto them, What seemeth you best I will do. And the king stood by the gate side, and all the people came out by hundreds and by thousands.
2 Samuel 18:14	Then said Joab, I may not tarry thus with thee. And he took three darts in his hand, and thrust them through the heart of Absalom, while he was yet alive in the midst of the oak.
2 Samuel 18:24	And David sat between the two gates: and the watchman went up to the roof over the gate unto the wall, and lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold a man running alone.
2 Samuel 19:1	And it was told Joab, Behold, the king weepeth and mourneth for Absalom.
2 Samuel 19:11	And king David sent to Zadok and to Abiathar the priests, saying, Speak unto the elders of Judah, saying, Why are ye the last to bring the king back to his house? seeing the speech of all Israel is come to the king, even to his house.
2 Samuel 19:21	But Abishai the son of Zeruiah answered and said, Shall not Shimei be put to death for this, because he cursed the LORD's anointed?
2 Samuel 19:31	And Barzillai the Gileadite came down from Rogelim, and went over Jordan with the king, to conduct him over Jordan.
2 Samuel 19:41	And, behold, all the men of Israel came to the king, and said unto the king, Why have our brethren the men of Judah stolen thee away, and have brought the king, and his household, and all David's men with him, over Jordan?
2 Samuel 20:8	When they were at the great stone which is in Gibeon, Amasa went before them. And Joab's garment that he had put on was girded unto him, and upon it a girdle with a sword fastened upon his loins in the sheath thereof; and as he went forth it fell out.
2 Samuel 20:18	Then she spake, saying, They were wont to speak in old time, saying, They shall surely ask counsel at Abel: and so they ended the matter.
2 Samuel 21:2	And the king called the Gibeonites, and said unto them; (now the Gibeonites were not of the children of Israel, but of the remnant of the Amorites; and the children of Israel had sworn unto them: and Saul sought to slay them in his zeal to the children of Israel and Judah.)
2 Samuel 21:12	And David went and took the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son from the men of Jabeshgilead, which had stolen them from the street of Bethshan, where the Philistines had hanged them, when the Philistines had slain Saul in Gilboa:
2 Samuel 21:22	These four were born to the giant in Gath, and fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants.
2 Samuel 22:10	He bowed the heavens also, and came down; and darkness was under his feet.
2 Samuel 22:20	He brought me forth also into a large place: he delivered me, because he delighted in me.
2 Samuel 22:30	For by thee I have run through a troop: by my God have I leaped over a wall.
2 Samuel 22:40	For thou hast girded me with strength to battle: them that rose up against me hast thou subdued under me.
2 Samuel 22:50	Therefore I will give thanks unto thee, O LORD, among the heathen, and I will sing praises unto thy name.
2 Samuel 23:9	And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo the Ahohite, one of the three mighty men with David, when they defied the Philistines that were there gathered together to battle, and the men of Israel were gone away:
2 Samuel 23:19	Was he not most honorable of three? therefore he was their captain: howbeit he attained not unto the first three.
2 Samuel 23:29	Heleb the son of Baanah, a Netophathite, Ittai the son of Ribai out of Gibeah of the children of Benjamin,
2 Samuel 23:39	Uriah the Hittite: thirty and seven in all.
2 Samuel 24:10	And David's heart smote him after that he had numbered the people. And David said unto the LORD, I have sinned greatly in that I have done: and now, I beseech thee, O LORD, take away the iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly.
2 Samuel 24:20	And Araunah looked, and saw the king and his servants coming on toward him: and Araunah went out, and bowed himself before the king on his face upon the ground.
1 Kings 1:5	Then Adonijah the son of Haggith exalted himself, saying, I will be king: and he prepared him chariots and horsemen, and fifty men to run before him.
1 Kings 1:15	And Bathsheba went in unto the king into the chamber: and the king was very old; and Abishag the Shunammite ministered unto the king.
1 Kings 1:25	For he is gone down this day, and hath slain oxen and fat cattle and sheep in abundance, and hath called all the king's sons, and the captains of the host, and Abiathar the priest; and, behold, they eat and drink before him, and say, God save king Adonijah.
1 Kings 1:35	Then ye shall come up after him, that he may come and sit upon my throne; for he shall be king in my stead: and I have appointed him to be ruler over Israel and over Judah.
1 Kings 1:45	And Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet have anointed him king in Gihon: and they are come up from thence rejoicing, so that the city rang again. This is the noise that ye have heard.
1 Kings 2:2	I go the way of all the earth: be thou strong therefore, and show thyself a man;
1 Kings 2:12	Then sat Solomon upon the throne of David his father; and his kingdom was established greatly.
1 Kings 2:22	And king Solomon answered and said unto his mother, And why dost thou ask Abishag the Shunammite for Adonijah? ask for him the kingdom also; for he is mine elder brother; even for him, and for Abiathar the priest, and for Joab the son of Zeruiah.
1 Kings 2:32	And the LORD shall return his blood upon his own head, who fell upon two men more righteous and better than he, and slew them with the sword, my father David not knowing thereof, to wit, Abner the son of Ner, captain of the host of Israel, and Amasa the son of Jether, captain of the host of Judah.
1 Kings 2:42	And the king sent and called for Shimei, and said unto him, Did I not make thee to swear by the LORD, and protested unto thee, saying, Know for a certain, on the day thou goest out, and walkest abroad any whither, that thou shalt surely die? and thou saidst unto me, The word that I have heard is good.
1 Kings 3:6	And Solomon said, Thou hast showed unto thy servant David my father great mercy, according as he walked before thee in truth, and in righteousness, and in uprightness of heart with thee; and thou hast kept for him this great kindness, that thou hast given him a son to sit on his throne, as it is this day.
1 Kings 3:16	Then came there two women, that were harlots, unto the king, and stood before him.
1 Kings 3:26	Then spake the woman whose the living child was unto the king, for her bowels yearned upon her son, and she said, O my lord, give her the living child, and in no wise slay it. But the other said, Let it be neither mine nor thine, but divide it.
1 Kings 4:8	And these are their names: The son of Hur, in mount Ephraim:
1 Kings 4:18	Shimei the son of Elah, in Benjamin:
1 Kings 4:28	Barley also and straw for the horses and dromedaries brought they unto the place where the officers were, every man according to his charge.
1 Kings 5:4	But now the LORD my God hath given me rest on every side, so that there is neither adversary nor evil occurrent.
1 Kings 5:14	And he sent them to Lebanon, ten thousand a month by courses: a month they were in Lebanon, and two months at home: and Adoniram was over the levy.
1 Kings 6:6	The nethermost chamber was five cubits broad, and the middle was six cubits broad, and the third was seven cubits broad: for without in the wall of the house he made narrowed rests round about, that the beams should not be fastened in the walls of the house.
1 Kings 6:16	And he built twenty cubits on the sides of the house, both the floor and the walls with boards of cedar: he even built them for it within, even for the oracle, even for the most holy place.
1 Kings 6:26	The height of the one cherub was ten cubits, and so was it of the other cherub.
1 Kings 6:36	And he built the inner court with three rows of hewed stone, and a row of cedar beams.
1 Kings 7:8	And his house where he dwelt had another court within the porch, which was of the like work. Solomon made also an house for Pharaoh's daughter, whom he had taken to wife, like unto this porch.
1 Kings 7:18	And he made the pillars, and two rows round about upon the one network, to cover the chapiters that were upon the top, with pomegranates: and so did he for the other chapiter.
1 Kings 7:28	And the work of the bases was on this manner: they had borders, and the borders were between the ledges:
1 Kings 7:38	Then made he ten lavers of brass: one laver contained forty baths: and every laver was four cubits: and upon every one of the ten bases one laver.
1 Kings 7:48	And Solomon made all the vessels that pertained unto the house of the LORD: the altar of gold, and the table of gold, whereupon the shewbread was,
1 Kings 8:7	For the cherubim spread forth their two wings over the place of the ark, and the cherubim covered the ark and the staves thereof above.
1 Kings 8:17	And it was in the heart of David my father to build an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
1 Kings 8:27	But will God indeed dwell on the earth? behold, the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain thee; how much less this house that I have builded?
1 Kings 8:37	If there be in the land famine, if there be pestilence, blasting, mildew, locust, or if there be caterpillar; if their enemy besiege them in the land of their cities; whatsoever plague, whatsoever sickness there be;
1 Kings 8:47	Yet if they shall bethink themselves in the land whither they were carried captives, and repent, and make supplication unto thee in the land of them that carried them captives, saying, We have sinned, and have done perversely, we have committed wickedness;
1 Kings 8:57	The LORD our God be with us, as he was with our fathers: let him not leave us, nor forsake us:
1 Kings 9:1	And it came to pass, when Solomon had finished the building of the house of the LORD, and the king's house, and all Solomon's desire which he was pleased to do,
1 Kings 9:11	(Now Hiram the king of Tyre had furnished Solomon with cedar trees and fir trees, and with gold, according to all his desire,) that then king Solomon gave Hiram twenty cities in the land of Galilee.
1 Kings 9:21	Their children that were left after them in the land, whom the children of Israel also were not able utterly to destroy, upon those did Solomon levy a tribute of bondservice unto this day.
1 Kings 10:3	And Solomon told her all her questions: there was not any thing hid from the king, which he told her not.
1 Kings 10:13	And king Solomon gave unto the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked, beside that which Solomon gave her of his royal bounty. So she turned and went to her own country, she and her servants.
1 Kings 10:23	So king Solomon exceeded all the kings of the earth for riches and for wisdom.
1 Kings 11:4	For it came to pass, when Solomon was old, that his wives turned away his heart after other gods: and his heart was not perfect with the LORD his God, as was the heart of David his father.
1 Kings 11:14	And the LORD stirred up an adversary unto Solomon, Hadad the Edomite: he was of the king's seed in Edom.
1 Kings 11:24	And he gathered men unto him, and became captain over a band, when David slew them of Zobah: and they went to Damascus, and dwelt therein, and reigned in Damascus.
1 Kings 11:34	Howbeit I will not take the whole kingdom out of his hand: but I will make him prince all the days of his life for David my servant's sake, whom I chose, because he kept my commandments and my statutes:
1 Kings 12:1	And Rehoboam went to Shechem: for all Israel were come to Shechem to make him king.
1 Kings 12:11	And now whereas my father did lade you with a heavy yoke, I will add to your yoke: my father hath chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
1 Kings 12:21	And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he assembled all the house of Judah, with the tribe of Benjamin, an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men, which were warriors, to fight against the house of Israel, to bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam the son of Solomon.
1 Kings 12:31	And he made an house of high places, and made priests of the lowest of the people, which were not of the sons of Levi.
1 Kings 13:8	And the man of God said unto the king, If thou wilt give me half thine house, I will not go in with thee, neither will I eat bread nor drink water in this place:
1 Kings 13:18	He said unto him, I am a prophet also as thou art; and an angel spake unto me by the word of the LORD, saying, Bring him back with thee into thine house, that he may eat bread and drink water. But he lied unto him.
1 Kings 13:28	And he went and found his carcass cast in the way, and the ass and the lion standing by the carcass: the lion had not eaten the carcass, nor torn the ass.
1 Kings 14:4	And Jeroboam's wife did so, and arose, and went to Shiloh, and came to the house of Ahijah. But Ahijah could not see; for his eyes were set by reason of his age.
1 Kings 14:14	Moreover the LORD shall raise him up a king over Israel, who shall cut off the house of Jeroboam that day: but what? even now.
1 Kings 14:24	And there were also sodomites in the land: and they did according to all the abominations of the nations which the LORD cast out before the children of Israel.
1 Kings 15:3	And he walked in all the sins of his father, which he had done before him: and his heart was not perfect with the LORD his God, as the heart of David his father.
1 Kings 15:13	And also Maachah his mother, even her he removed from being queen, because she had made an idol in a grove; and Asa destroyed her idol, and burnt it by the brook Kidron.
1 Kings 15:23	The rest of all the acts of Asa, and all his might, and all that he did, and the cities which he built, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? Nevertheless in the time of his old age he was diseased in his feet.
1 Kings 15:33	In the third year of Asa king of Judah began Baasha the son of Ahijah to reign over all Israel in Tirzah, twenty and four years.
1 Kings 16:9	And his servant Zimri, captain of half his chariots, conspired against him, as he was in Tirzah, drinking himself drunk in the house of Arza steward of his house in Tirzah.
1 Kings 16:19	For his sins which he sinned in doing evil in the sight of the LORD, in walking in the way of Jeroboam, and in his sin which he did, to make Israel to sin.
1 Kings 16:29	And in the thirty and eighth year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel: and Ahab the son of Omri reigned over Israel in Samaria twenty and two years.
1 Kings 17:5	So he went and did according unto the word of the LORD: for he went and dwelt by the brook Cherith, that is before Jordan.
1 Kings 17:15	And she went and did according to the saying of Elijah: and she, and he, and her house, did eat many days.
1 Kings 18:1	And it came to pass after many days, that the word of the LORD came to Elijah in the third year, saying, Go, show thyself unto Ahab; and I will send rain upon the earth.
1 Kings 18:11	And now thou sayest, Go, tell thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here.
1 Kings 18:21	And Elijah came unto all the people, and said, How long halt ye between two opinions? if the LORD be God, follow him: but if Baal, then follow him. And the people answered him not a word.
1 Kings 18:31	And Elijah took twelve stones, according to the number of the tribes of the sons of Jacob, unto whom the word of the LORD came, saying, Israel shall be thy name:
1 Kings 18:41	And Elijah said unto Ahab, Get thee up, eat and drink; for there is a sound of abundance of rain.
1 Kings 19:5	And as he lay and slept under a juniper tree, behold, then an angel touched him, and said unto him, Arise and eat.
1 Kings 19:15	And the LORD said unto him, Go, return on thy way to the wilderness of Damascus: and when thou comest, anoint Hazael to be king over Syria:
1 Kings 20:4	And the king of Israel answered and said, My lord, O king, according to thy saying, I am thine, and all that I have.
1 Kings 20:14	And Ahab said, By whom? And he said, Thus saith the LORD, Even by the young men of the princes of the provinces. Then he said, Who shall order the battle? And he answered, Thou.
1 Kings 20:24	And do this thing, Take the kings away, every man out of his place, and put captains in their rooms:
1 Kings 20:34	And Ben-hadad said unto him, The cities, which my father took from thy father, I will restore; and thou shalt make streets for thee in Damascus, as my father made in Samaria. Then said Ahab, I will send thee away with this covenant. So he made a covenant with him, and sent him away.
1 Kings 21:1	And it came to pass after these things, that Naboth the Jezreelite had a vineyard, which was in Jezreel, hard by the palace of Ahab king of Samaria.
1 Kings 21:11	And the men of his city, even the elders and the nobles who were the inhabitants in his city, did as Jezebel had sent unto them, and as it was written in the letters which she had sent unto them.
1 Kings 21:21	Behold, I will bring evil upon thee, and will take away thy posterity, and will cut off from Ahab him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in Israel,
1 Kings 22:2	And it came to pass in the third year, that Jehoshaphat the king of Judah came down to the king of Israel.
1 Kings 22:12	And all the prophets prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramothgilead, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the king's hand.
1 Kings 22:22	And the LORD said unto him, Wherewith? And he said, I will go forth, and I will be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. And he said, Thou shalt persuade him, and prevail also: go forth, and do so.
1 Kings 22:32	And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, Surely it is the king of Israel. And they turned aside to fight against him: and Jehoshaphat cried out.
1 Kings 22:42	Jehoshaphat was thirty and five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned twenty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi.
1 Kings 22:52	And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his father, and in the way of his mother, and in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin:
2 Kings 1:9	Then the king sent unto him a captain of fifty with his fifty. And he went up to him: and, behold, he sat on the top of an hill. And he spake unto him, Thou man of God, the king hath said, Come down.
2 Kings 2:1	And it came to pass, when the LORD would take up Elijah into heaven by a whirlwind, that Elijah went with Elisha from Gilgal.
2 Kings 2:11	And it came to pass, as they still went on, and talked, that, behold, there appeared a chariot of fire, and horses of fire, and parted them both asunder; and Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven.
2 Kings 2:21	And he went forth unto the spring of the waters, and cast the salt in there, and said, Thus saith the LORD, I have healed these waters; there shall not be from thence any more death or barren land.
2 Kings 3:6	And king Jehoram went out of Samaria the same time, and numbered all Israel.
2 Kings 3:16	And he said, Thus saith the LORD, Make this valley full of ditches.
2 Kings 3:26	And when the king of Moab saw that the battle was too sore for him, he took with him seven hundred men that drew swords, to break through even unto the king of Edom: but they could not.
2 Kings 4:9	And she said unto her husband, Behold now, I perceive that this is an holy man of God, which passeth by us continually.
2 Kings 4:19	And he said unto his father, My head, my head. And he said to a lad, Carry him to his mother.
2 Kings 4:29	Then he said to Gehazi, Gird up thy loins, and take my staff in thine hand, and go thy way: if thou meet any man, salute him not; and if any salute thee, answer him not again: and lay my staff upon the face of the child.
2 Kings 4:39	And one went out into the field to gather herbs, and found a wild vine, and gathered thereof wild gourds his lap full, and came and shred them into the pot of pottage: for they knew them not.
2 Kings 5:5	And the king of Syria said, Go to, go, and I will send a letter unto the king of Israel. And he departed, and took with him ten talents of silver, and six thousand pieces of gold, and ten changes of raiment.
2 Kings 5:15	And he returned to the man of God, he and all his company, and came, and stood before him: and he said, Behold, now I know that there is no God in all the earth, but in Israel: now therefore, I pray thee, take a blessing of thy servant.
2 Kings 5:25	But he went in, and stood before his master. And Elisha said unto him, Whence comest thou, Gehazi? And he said, Thy servant went no whither.
2 Kings 6:8	Then the king of Syria warred against Israel, and took counsel with his servants, saying, In such and such a place shall be my camp.
2 Kings 6:18	And when they came down to him, Elisha prayed unto the LORD, and said, Smite this people, I pray thee, with blindness. And he smote them with blindness according to the word of Elisha.
2 Kings 6:28	And the king said unto her, What aileth thee? And she answered, This woman said unto me, Give thy son, that we may eat him to day, and we will eat my son to morrow.
2 Kings 7:5	And they rose up in the twilight, to go unto the camp of the Syrians: and when they were come to the uttermost part of the camp of Syria, behold, there was no man there.
2 Kings 7:15	And they went after them unto Jordan: and, lo, all the way was full of garments and vessels, which the Syrians had cast away in their haste. And the messengers returned, and told the king.
2 Kings 8:5	And it came to pass, as he was telling the king how he had restored a dead body to life, that, behold, the woman, whose son he had restored to life, cried to the king for her house and for her land. And Gehazi said, My lord, O king, this is the woman, and this is her son, whom Elisha restored to life.
2 Kings 8:15	And it came to pass on the morrow, that he took a thick cloth, and dipped it in water, and spread it on his face, so that he died: and Hazael reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 8:25	In the twelfth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel did Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah begin to reign.
2 Kings 9:6	And he arose, and went into the house; and he poured the oil on his head, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I have anointed thee king over the people of the LORD, even over Israel.
2 Kings 9:16	So Jehu rode in a chariot, and went to Jezreel; for Joram lay there. And Ahaziah king of Judah was come down to see Joram.
2 Kings 9:26	Surely I have seen yesterday the blood of Naboth, and the blood of his sons, saith the LORD; and I will requite thee in this plat, saith the LORD. Now therefore take and cast him into the plat of ground, according to the word of the LORD.
2 Kings 9:36	Wherefore they came again, and told him. And he said, This is the word of the LORD, which he spake by his servant Elijah the Tishbite, saying, In the portion of Jezreel shall dogs eat the flesh of Jezebel:
2 Kings 10:9	And it came to pass in the morning, that he went out, and stood, and said to all the people, Ye be righteous: behold, I conspired against my master, and slew him: but who slew all these?
2 Kings 10:19	Now therefore call unto me all the prophets of Baal, all his servants, and all his priests; let none be wanting: for I have a great sacrifice to do to Baal; whosoever shall be wanting, he shall not live. But Jehu did it in subtilty, to the intent that he might destroy the worshippers of Baal.
2 Kings 10:29	Howbeit from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin, Jehu departed not from after them, to wit, the golden calves that were in Bethel, and that were in Dan.
2 Kings 11:3	And he was with her hid in the house of the LORD six years. And Athaliah did reign over the land.
2 Kings 11:13	And when Athaliah heard the noise of the guard and of the people, she came to the people into the temple of the LORD.
2 Kings 12:2	And Jehoash did that which was right in the sight of the LORD all his days wherein Jehoiada the priest instructed him.
2 Kings 12:12	And to masons, and hewers of stone, and to buy timber and hewed stone to repair the breaches of the house of the LORD, and for all that was laid out for the house to repair it.
2 Kings 13:1	In the three and twentieth year of Joash the son of Ahaziah king of Judah Jehoahaz the son of Jehu began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned seventeen years.
2 Kings 13:11	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD; he departed not from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel sin: but he walked therein.
2 Kings 13:21	And it came to pass, as they were burying a man, that, behold, they spied a band of men; and they cast the man into the sepulchre of Elisha: and when the man was let down, and touched the bones of Elisha, he revived, and stood up on his feet.
2 Kings 14:6	But the children of the murderers he slew not: according unto that which is written in the book of the law of Moses, wherein the LORD commanded, saying, The fathers shall not be put to death for the children, nor the children be put to death for the fathers; but every man shall be put to death for his own sin.
2 Kings 14:16	And Jehoash slept with his fathers, and was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel; and Jeroboam his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 14:26	For the LORD saw the affliction of Israel, that it was very bitter: for there was not any shut up, nor any left, nor any helper for Israel.
2 Kings 15:7	So Azariah slept with his fathers; and they buried him with his fathers in the city of David: and Jotham his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 15:17	In the nine and thirtieth year of Azariah king of Judah began Menahem the son of Gadi to reign over Israel, and reigned ten years in Samaria.
2 Kings 15:27	In the two and fiftieth year of Azariah king of Judah Pekah the son of Remaliah began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned twenty years.
2 Kings 15:37	In those days the LORD began to send against Judah Rezin the king of Syria, and Pekah the son of Remaliah.
2 Kings 16:9	And the king of Assyria hearkened unto him: for the king of Assyria went up against Damascus, and took it, and carried the people of it captive to Kir, and slew Rezin.
2 Kings 16:19	Now the rest of the acts of Ahaz which he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 17:9	And the children of Israel did secretly those things that were not right against the LORD their God, and they built them high places in all their cities, from the tower of the watchmen to the fenced city.
2 Kings 17:19	Also Judah kept not the commandments of the LORD their God, but walked in the statutes of Israel which they made.
2 Kings 17:29	Howbeit every nation made gods of their own, and put them in the houses of the high places which the Samaritans had made, every nation in their cities wherein they dwelt.
2 Kings 17:39	But the LORD your God ye shall fear; and he shall deliver you out of the hand of all your enemies.
2 Kings 18:8	He smote the Philistines, even unto Gaza, and the borders thereof, from the tower of the watchmen to the fenced city.
2 Kings 18:18	And when they had called to the king, there came out to them Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, which was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph the recorder.
2 Kings 18:28	Then Rabshakeh stood and cried with a loud voice in the Jews' language, and spake, saying, Hear the word of the great king, the king of Assyria:
2 Kings 19:1	And it came to pass, when king Hezekiah heard it, that he rent his clothes, and covered himself with sackcloth, and went into the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 19:11	Behold, thou hast heard what the kings of Assyria have done to all lands, by destroying them utterly: and shalt thou be delivered?
2 Kings 19:21	This is the word that the LORD hath spoken concerning him; The virgin the daughter of Zion hath despised thee, and laughed thee to scorn; the daughter of Jerusalem hath shaken her head at thee.
2 Kings 19:31	For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant, and they that escape out of mount Zion: the zeal of the LORD of hosts shall do this.
2 Kings 20:4	And it came to pass, afore Isaiah was gone out into the middle court, that the word of the LORD came to him, saying,
2 Kings 20:14	Then came Isaiah the prophet unto king Hezekiah, and said unto him, What said these men? and from whence came they unto thee? And Hezekiah said, They are come from a far country, even from Babylon.
2 Kings 21:3	For he built up again the high places which Hezekiah his father had destroyed; and he reared up altars for Baal, and made a grove, as did Ahab king of Israel; and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served them.
2 Kings 21:13	And I will stretch over Jerusalem the line of Samaria, and the plummet of the house of Ahab: and I will wipe Jerusalem as a man wipeth a dish, wiping it, and turning it upside down.
2 Kings 21:23	And the servants of Amon conspired against him, and slew the king in his own house.
2 Kings 22:7	Howbeit there was no reckoning made with them of the money that was delivered into their hand, because they dealt faithfully.
2 Kings 22:17	Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands; therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place, and shall not be quenched.
2 Kings 23:7	And he brake down the houses of the sodomites, that were by the house of the LORD, where the women wove hangings for the grove.
2 Kings 23:17	Then he said, What title is that that I see? And the men of the city told him, It is the sepulchre of the man of God, which came from Judah, and proclaimed these things that thou hast done against the altar of Bethel.
2 Kings 23:27	And the LORD said, I will remove Judah also out of my sight, as I have removed Israel, and will cast off this city Jerusalem which I have chosen, and the house of which I said, My name shall be there.
2 Kings 23:37	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his fathers had done.
2 Kings 24:10	At that time the servants of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against Jerusalem, and the city was besieged.
2 Kings 24:20	For through the anger of the LORD it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah, until he had cast them out from his presence, that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon.
2 Kings 25:10	And all the army of the Chaldees, that were with the captain of the guard, brake down the walls of Jerusalem round about.
2 Kings 25:20	And Nebuzaradan captain of the guard took these, and brought them to the king of Babylon to Riblah:
2 Kings 25:30	And his allowance was a continual allowance given him of the king, a daily rate for every day, all the days of his life.
1 Chronicles 1:10	And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be mighty upon the earth.
1 Chronicles 1:20	And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,
1 Chronicles 1:30	Mishma, and Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema,
1 Chronicles 1:40	The sons of Shobal; Alian, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shephi, and Onam. and the sons of Zibeon; Aiah, and Anah.
1 Chronicles 1:50	And when Baalhanan was dead, Hadad reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pai; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.
1 Chronicles 2:6	And the sons of Zerah; Zimri, and Ethan, and Heman, and Calcol, and Dara: five of them in all.
1 Chronicles 2:16	Whose sisters were Zeruiah, and Abigail. And the sons of Zeruiah; Abishai, and Joab, and Asahel, three.
1 Chronicles 2:26	Jerahmeel had also another wife, whose name was Atarah; she was the mother of Onam.
1 Chronicles 2:36	And Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad,
1 Chronicles 2:46	And Ephah, Caleb's concubine, bare Haran, and Moza, and Gazez: and Haran begat Gazez.
1 Chronicles 3:1	Now these were the sons of David, which were born unto him in Hebron; the firstborn Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess; the second Daniel, of Abigail the Carmelitess:
1 Chronicles 3:11	Joram his son, Ahaziah his son, Joash his son,
1 Chronicles 3:21	And the sons of Hananiah; Pelatiah, and Jesaiah: the sons of Rephaiah, the sons of Arnan, the sons of Obadiah, the sons of Shechaniah.
1 Chronicles 4:7	And the sons of Helah were, Zereth, and Jezoar, and Ethnan.
1 Chronicles 4:17	And the sons of Ezra were, Jether, and Mered, and Epher, and Jalon: and she bare Miriam, and Shammai, and Ishbah the father of Eshtemoa.
1 Chronicles 4:27	And Shimei had sixteen sons and six daughters: but his brethren had not many children, neither did all their family multiply, like to the children of Judah.
1 Chronicles 4:37	And Ziza the son of Shiphi, the son of Allon, the son of Jedaiah, the son of Shimri, the son of Shemaiah;
1 Chronicles 5:4	The sons of Joel; Shemaiah his son, Gog his son, Shimei his son,
1 Chronicles 5:14	These are the children of Abihail the son of Huri, the son of Jaroah, the son of Gilead, the son of Michael, the son of Jeshishai, the son of Jahdo, the son of Buz;
1 Chronicles 5:24	And these were the heads of the house of their fathers, even Epher, and Ishi, and Eliel, and Azriel, and Jeremiah, and Hodaviah, and Jahdiel, mighty men of valor, famous men, and heads of the house of their fathers.
1 Chronicles 6:8	And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Ahimaaz,
1 Chronicles 6:18	And the sons of Kohath were, Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel.
1 Chronicles 6:28	And the sons of Samuel; the firstborn Vashni, and Abiah.
1 Chronicles 6:38	The son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, the son of Israel.
1 Chronicles 6:48	Their brethren also the Levites were appointed unto all manner of service of the tabernacle of the house of God.
1 Chronicles 6:58	And Hilen with her suburbs, Debir with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 6:68	And Jokmeam with her suburbs, and Bethhoron with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 6:78	And on the other side Jordan by Jericho, on the east side of Jordan, were given them out of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer in the wilderness with her suburbs, and Jahzah with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 7:7	And the sons of Bela; Ezbon, and Uzzi, and Uzziel, and Jerimoth, and Iri, five; heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men of valor; and were reckoned by their genealogies twenty and two thousand and thirty and four.
1 Chronicles 7:17	And the sons of Ulam; Bedan. These were the sons of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh.
1 Chronicles 7:27	Non his son, Jehoshuah his son.
1 Chronicles 7:37	Bezer, and Hod, and Shamma, and Shilshah, and Ithran, and Beera.
1 Chronicles 8:7	And Naaman, and Ahiah, and Gera, he removed them, and begat Uzza, and Ahihud.
1 Chronicles 8:17	And Zebadiah, and Meshullam, and Hezeki, and Heber,
1 Chronicles 8:27	And Jaresiah, and Eliah, and Zichri, the sons of Jeroham.
1 Chronicles 8:37	And Moza begat Binea: Rapha was his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son:
1 Chronicles 9:7	And of the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Hodaviah, the son of Hasenuah,
1 Chronicles 9:17	And the porters were, Shallum, and Akkub, and Talmon, and Ahiman, and their brethren: Shallum was the chief;
1 Chronicles 9:27	And they lodged round about the house of God, because the charge was upon them, and the opening thereof every morning pertained to them.
1 Chronicles 9:37	And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zechariah, and Mikloth.
1 Chronicles 10:3	And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him, and he was wounded of the archers.
1 Chronicles 10:13	So Saul died for his transgression which he committed against the LORD, even against the word of the LORD, which he kept not, and also for asking counsel of one that had a familiar spirit, to enquire of it;
1 Chronicles 11:9	So David waxed greater and greater: for the LORD of hosts was with him.
1 Chronicles 11:19	And said, My God forbid it me, that I should do this thing: shall I drink the blood of these men that have put their lives in jeopardy? for with the jeopardy of their lives they brought it. Therefore he would not drink it. These things did these three mightiest.
1 Chronicles 11:29	Sibbecai the Hushathite, Ilai the Ahohite,
1 Chronicles 11:39	Zelek the Ammonite, Naharai the Berothite, the armourbearer of Joab the son of Zeruiah,
1 Chronicles 12:2	They were armed with bows, and could use both the right hand and the left in hurling stones and shooting arrows out of a bow, even of Saul's brethren of Benjamin.
1 Chronicles 12:12	Johanan the eighth, Elzabad the ninth,
1 Chronicles 12:22	For at that time day by day there came to David to help him, until it was a great host, like the host of God.
1 Chronicles 12:32	And of the children of Issachar, which were men that had understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do; the heads of them were two hundred; and all their brethren were at their commandment.
1 Chronicles 13:2	And David said unto all the congregation of Israel, If it seem good unto you, and that it be of the LORD our God, let us send abroad unto our brethren every where, that are left in all the land of Israel, and with them also to the priests and Levites which are in their cities and suburbs, that they may gather themselves unto us:
1 Chronicles 13:12	And David was afraid of God that day, saying, How shall I bring the ark of God home to me?
1 Chronicles 14:8	And when the Philistines heard that David was anointed king over all Israel, all the Philistines went up to seek David. And David heard of it, and went out against them.
1 Chronicles 15:1	And David made him houses in the city of David, and prepared a place for the ark of God, and pitched for it a tent.
1 Chronicles 15:11	And David called for Zadok and Abiathar the priests, and for the Levites, for Uriel, Asaiah, and Joel, Shemaiah, and Eliel, and Amminadab,
1 Chronicles 15:21	And Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, and Azaziah, with harps on the Sheminith to excel.
1 Chronicles 16:2	And when David had made an end of offering the burnt offerings and the peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 16:12	Remember his marvelous works that he hath done, his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;
1 Chronicles 16:22	Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm.
1 Chronicles 16:32	Let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof: let the fields rejoice, and all that is therein.
1 Chronicles 16:42	And with them Heman and Jeduthun with trumpets and cymbals for those that should make a sound, and with musical instruments of God. And the sons of Jeduthun were porters.
1 Chronicles 17:9	Also I will ordain a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, and they shall dwell in their place, and shall be moved no more; neither shall the children of wickedness waste them any more, as at the beginning,
1 Chronicles 17:19	O LORD, for thy servant's sake, and according to thine own heart, hast thou done all this greatness, in making known all these great things.
1 Chronicles 18:2	And he smote Moab; and the Moabites became David's servants, and brought gifts.
1 Chronicles 18:12	Moreover Abishai the son of Zeruiah slew of the Edomites in the valley of salt eighteen thousand.
1 Chronicles 19:5	Then there went certain, and told David how the men were served. And he sent to meet them: for the men were greatly ashamed. And the king said, Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return.
1 Chronicles 19:15	And when the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled, they likewise fled before Abishai his brother, and entered into the city. Then Joab came to Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 20:6	And yet again there was war at Gath, where was a man of great stature, whose fingers and toes were four and twenty, six on each hand, and six on each foot and he also was the son of the giant.
1 Chronicles 21:8	And David said unto God, I have sinned greatly, because I have done this thing: but now, I beseech thee, do away the iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly.
1 Chronicles 21:18	Then the angel of the LORD commanded Gad to say to David, that David should go up, and set up an altar unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite.
1 Chronicles 21:28	At that time when David saw that the LORD had answered him in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite, then he sacrificed there.
1 Chronicles 22:8	But the word of the LORD came to me, saying, Thou hast shed blood abundantly, and hast made great wars: thou shalt not build an house unto my name, because thou hast shed much blood upon the earth in my sight.
1 Chronicles 22:18	Is not the LORD your God with you? and hath he not given you rest on every side? for he hath given the inhabitants of the land into mine hand; and the land is subdued before the LORD, and before his people.
1 Chronicles 23:9	The sons of Shimei; Shelomith, and Haziel, and Haran, three. These were the chief of the fathers of Laadan.
1 Chronicles 23:19	Of the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, and Jekameam the fourth.
1 Chronicles 23:29	Both for the shewbread, and for the fine flour for meat offering, and for the unleavened cakes, and for that which is baked in the pan, and for that which is fried, and for all manner of measure and size;
1 Chronicles 24:7	Now the first lot came forth to Jehoiarib, the second to Jedaiah,
1 Chronicles 24:17	The one and twentieth to Jachin, the two and twentieth to Gamul,
1 Chronicles 24:27	The sons of Merari by Jaaziah; Beno, and Shoham, and Zaccur, and Ibri.
1 Chronicles 25:6	All these were under the hands of their father for song in the house of the LORD, with cymbals, psalteries, and harps, for the service of the house of God, according to the king's order to Asaph, Jeduthun, and Heman.
1 Chronicles 25:16	The ninth to Mattaniah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 25:26	The nineteenth to Mallothi, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 26:5	Ammiel the sixth, Issachar the seventh, Peulthai the eighth: for God blessed him.
1 Chronicles 26:15	To Obededom southward; and to his sons the house of Asuppim.
1 Chronicles 26:25	And his brethren by Eliezer; Rehabiah his son, and Jeshaiah his son, and Joram his son, and Zichri his son, and Shelomith his son.
1 Chronicles 27:3	Of the children of Perez was the chief of all the captains of the host for the first month.
1 Chronicles 27:13	The tenth captain for the tenth month was Maharai the Netophathite, of the Zarhites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 27:23	But David took not the number of them from twenty years old and under: because the LORD had said he would increase Israel like to the stars of the heavens.
1 Chronicles 27:33	And Ahithophel was the king's counselor: and Hushai the Archite was the king's companion:
1 Chronicles 28:9	And thou, Solomon my son, know thou the God of thy father, and serve him with a perfect heart and with a willing mind: for the LORD searcheth all hearts, and understandeth all the imaginations of the thoughts: if thou seek him, he will be found of thee; but if thou forsake him, he will cast thee off for ever.
1 Chronicles 28:19	All this, said David, the LORD made me understand in writing by his hand upon me, even all the works of this pattern.
1 Chronicles 29:8	And they with whom precious stones were found gave them to the treasure of the house of the LORD, by the hand of Jehiel the Gershonite.
1 Chronicles 29:18	O LORD God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, our fathers, keep this for ever in the imagination of the thoughts of the heart of thy people, and prepare their heart unto thee:
1 Chronicles 29:28	And he died in a good old age, full of days, riches, and honor: and Solomon his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 1:8	And Solomon said unto God, Thou hast showed great mercy unto David my father, and hast made me to reign in his stead.
2 Chronicles 2:1	And Solomon determined to build an house for the name of the LORD, and an house for his kingdom.
2 Chronicles 2:11	Then Huram the king of Tyre answered in writing, which he sent to Solomon, Because the LORD hath loved his people, he hath made thee king over them.
2 Chronicles 3:3	Now these are the things wherein Solomon was instructed for the building of the house of God. The length by cubits after the first measure was threescore cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits.
2 Chronicles 3:13	The wings of these cherubim spread themselves forth twenty cubits: and they stood on their feet, and their faces were inward.
2 Chronicles 4:6	He made also ten lavers, and put five on the right hand, and five on the left, to wash in them: such things as they offered for the burnt offering they washed in them; but the sea was for the priests to wash in.
2 Chronicles 4:16	The pots also, and the shovels, and the fleshhooks, and all their instruments, did Huram his father make to king Solomon for the house of the LORD of bright brass.
2 Chronicles 5:4	And all the elders of Israel came; and the Levites took up the ark.
2 Chronicles 5:14	So that the priests could not stand to minister by reason of the cloud: for the glory of the LORD had filled the house of God.
2 Chronicles 6:10	The LORD therefore hath performed his word that he hath spoken: for I am risen up in the room of David my father, and am set on the throne of Israel, as the LORD promised, and have built the house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 6:20	That thine eyes may be open upon this house day and night, upon the place whereof thou hast said that thou wouldest put thy name there; to hearken unto the prayer which thy servant prayeth toward this place.
2 Chronicles 6:30	Then hear thou from heaven thy dwelling place, and forgive, and render unto every man according unto all his ways, whose heart thou knowest; (for thou only knowest the hearts of the children of men:)
2 Chronicles 6:40	Now, my God, let, I beseech thee, thine eyes be open, and let thine ears be attent unto the prayer that is made in this place.
2 Chronicles 7:8	Also at the same time Solomon kept the feast seven days, and all Israel with him, a very great congregation, from the entering in of Hamath unto the river of Egypt.
2 Chronicles 7:18	Then will I stablish the throne of thy kingdom, according as I have covenanted with David thy father, saying, There shall not fail thee a man to be ruler in Israel.
2 Chronicles 8:6	And Baalath, and all the store cities that Solomon had, and all the chariot cities, and the cities of the horsemen, and all that Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and throughout all the land of his dominion.
2 Chronicles 8:16	Now all the work of Solomon was prepared unto the day of the foundation of the house of the LORD, and until it was finished. So the house of the LORD was perfected.
2 Chronicles 9:8	Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee to set thee on his throne, to be king for the LORD thy God: because thy God loved Israel, to establish them for ever, therefore made he thee king over them, to do judgment and justice.
2 Chronicles 9:18	And there were six steps to the throne, with a footstool of gold, which were fastened to the throne, and stays on each side of the sitting place, and two lions standing by the stays:
2 Chronicles 9:28	And they brought unto Solomon horses out of Egypt, and out of all lands.
2 Chronicles 10:7	And they spake unto him, saying, If thou be kind to this people, and please them, and speak good words to them, they will be thy servants for ever.
2 Chronicles 10:17	But as for the children of Israel that dwelt in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them.
2 Chronicles 11:8	And Gath, and Mareshah, and Ziph,
2 Chronicles 11:18	And Rehoboam took him Mahalath the daughter of Jerimoth the son of David to wife, and Abihail the daughter of Eliab the son of Jesse;
2 Chronicles 12:5	Then came Shemaiah the prophet to Rehoboam, and to the princes of Judah, that were gathered together to Jerusalem because of Shishak, and said unto them, Thus saith the LORD, Ye have forsaken me, and therefore have I also left you in the hand of Shishak.
2 Chronicles 12:15	Now the acts of Rehoboam, first and last, are they not written in the book of Shemaiah the prophet, and of Iddo the seer concerning genealogies? And there were wars between Rehoboam and Jeroboam continually.
2 Chronicles 13:9	Have ye not cast out the priests of the LORD, the sons of Aaron, and the Levites, and have made you priests after the manner of the nations of other lands? so that whosoever cometh to consecrate himself with a young bullock and seven rams, the same may be a priest of them that are no gods.
2 Chronicles 13:19	And Abijah pursued after Jeroboam, and took cities from him, Bethel with the towns thereof, and Jeshanah with the towns thereof, and Ephraim with the towns thereof.
2 Chronicles 14:7	Therefore he said unto Judah, Let us build these cities, and make about them walls, and towers, gates, and bars, while the land is yet before us; because we have sought the LORD our God, we have sought him, and he hath given us rest on every side. So they built and prospered.
2 Chronicles 15:2	And he went out to meet Asa, and said unto him, Hear ye me, Asa, and all Judah and Benjamin; The LORD is with you, while ye be with him; and if ye seek him, he will be found of you; but if ye forsake him, he will forsake you.
2 Chronicles 15:12	And they entered into a covenant to seek the LORD God of their fathers with all their heart and with all their soul;
2 Chronicles 16:3	There is a league between me and thee, as there was between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent thee silver and gold; go, break thy league with Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me.
2 Chronicles 16:13	And Asa slept with his fathers, and died in the one and fortieth year of his reign.
2 Chronicles 17:9	And they taught in Judah, and had the book of the law of the LORD with them, and went about throughout all the cities of Judah, and taught the people.
2 Chronicles 17:19	These waited on the king, beside those whom the king put in the fenced cities throughout all Judah.
2 Chronicles 18:10	And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah had made him horns of iron, and said, Thus saith the LORD, With these thou shalt push Syria until they be consumed.
2 Chronicles 18:20	Then there came out a spirit, and stood before the LORD, and said, I will entice him. And the LORD said unto him, Wherewith?
2 Chronicles 18:30	Now the king of Syria had commanded the captains of the chariots that were with him, saying, Fight ye not with small or great, save only with the king of Israel.
2 Chronicles 19:6	And said to the judges, Take heed what ye do: for ye judge not for man, but for the LORD, who is with you in the judgment.
2 Chronicles 20:5	And Jehoshaphat stood in the congregation of Judah and Jerusalem, in the house of the LORD, before the new court,
2 Chronicles 20:15	And he said, Hearken ye, all Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem, and thou king Jehoshaphat, Thus saith the LORD unto you, Be not afraid nor dismayed by reason of this great multitude; for the battle is not yours, but God's.
2 Chronicles 20:25	And when Jehoshaphat and his people came to take away the spoil of them, they found among them in abundance both riches with the dead bodies, and precious jewels, which they stripped off for themselves, more than they could carry away: and they were three days in gathering of the spoil, it was so much.
2 Chronicles 20:35	And after this did Jehoshaphat king of Judah join himself with Ahaziah king of Israel, who did very wickedly:
2 Chronicles 21:8	In his days the Edomites revolted from under the dominion of Judah, and made themselves a king.
2 Chronicles 21:18	And after all this the LORD smote him in his bowels with an incurable disease.
2 Chronicles 22:8	And it came to pass, that, when Jehu was executing judgment upon the house of Ahab, and found the princes of Judah, and the sons of the brethren of Ahaziah, that ministered to Ahaziah, he slew them.
2 Chronicles 23:6	But let none come into the house of the LORD, save the priests, and they that minister of the Levites; they shall go in, for they are holy: but all the people shall keep the watch of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 23:16	And Jehoiada made a covenant between him, and between all the people, and between the king, that they should be the LORD's people.
2 Chronicles 24:5	And he gathered together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go out unto the cities of Judah, and gather of all Israel money to repair the house of your God from year to year, and see that ye hasten the matter. Howbeit the Levites hastened it not.
2 Chronicles 24:15	But Jehoiada waxed old, and was full of days when he died; an hundred and thirty years old was he when he died.
2 Chronicles 24:25	And when they were departed from him, (for they left him in great diseases,) his own servants conspired against him for the blood of the sons of Jehoiada the priest, and slew him on his bed, and he died: and they buried him in the city of David, but they buried him not in the sepulchres of the kings.
2 Chronicles 25:8	But if thou wilt go, do it; be strong for the battle: God shall make thee fall before the enemy: for God hath power to help, and to cast down.
2 Chronicles 25:18	And Joash king of Israel sent to Amaziah king of Judah, saying, The thistle that was in Lebanon sent to the cedar that was in Lebanon, saying, Give thy daughter to my son to wife: and there passed by a wild beast that was in Lebanon, and trode down the thistle.
2 Chronicles 25:28	And they brought him upon horses, and buried him with his fathers in the city of Judah.
2 Chronicles 26:10	Also he built towers in the desert, and digged many wells: for he had much cattle, both in the low country, and in the plains: husbandmen also, and vine dressers in the mountains, and in Carmel: for he loved husbandry.
2 Chronicles 26:20	And Azariah the chief priest, and all the priests, looked upon him, and, behold, he was leprous in his forehead, and they thrust him out from thence; yea, himself hasted also to go out, because the LORD had smitten him.
2 Chronicles 27:7	Now the rest of the acts of Jotham, and all his wars, and his ways, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah.
2 Chronicles 28:8	And the children of Israel carried away captive of their brethren two hundred thousand, women, sons, and daughters, and took also away much spoil from them, and brought the spoil to Samaria.
2 Chronicles 28:18	The Philistines also had invaded the cities of the low country, and of the south of Judah, and had taken Bethshemesh, and Ajalon, and Gederoth, and Shocho with the villages thereof, and Timnah with the villages thereof, Gimzo also and the villages thereof: and they dwelt there.
2 Chronicles 29:1	Hezekiah began to reign when he was five and twenty years old, and he reigned nine and twenty years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Abijah, the daughter of Zechariah.
2 Chronicles 29:11	My sons, be not now negligent: for the LORD hath chosen you to stand before him, to serve him, and that ye should minister unto him, and burn incense.
2 Chronicles 29:21	And they brought seven bullocks, and seven rams, and seven lambs, and seven he goats, for a sin offering for the kingdom, and for the sanctuary, and for Judah. And he commanded the priests the sons of Aaron to offer them on the altar of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 29:31	Then Hezekiah answered and said, Now ye have consecrated yourselves unto the LORD, come near and bring sacrifices and thank offerings into the house of the LORD. And the congregation brought in sacrifices and thank offerings; and as many as were of a free heart burnt offerings.
2 Chronicles 30:5	So they established a decree to make proclamation throughout all Israel, from Beersheba even to Dan, that they should come to keep the passover unto the LORD God of Israel at Jerusalem: for they had not done it of a long time in such sort as it was written.
2 Chronicles 30:15	Then they killed the passover on the fourteenth day of the second month: and the priests and the Levites were ashamed, and sanctified themselves, and brought in the burnt offerings into the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 30:25	And all the congregation of Judah, with the priests and the Levites, and all the congregation that came out of Israel, and the strangers that came out of the land of Israel, and that dwelt in Judah, rejoiced.
2 Chronicles 31:8	And when Hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps, they blessed the LORD, and his people Israel.
2 Chronicles 31:18	And to the genealogy of all their little ones, their wives, and their sons, and their daughters, through all the congregation: for in their set office they sanctified themselves in holiness:
2 Chronicles 32:7	Be strong and courageous, be not afraid nor dismayed for the king of Assyria, nor for all the multitude that is with him: for there be more with us than with him:
2 Chronicles 32:17	He wrote also letters to rail on the LORD God of Israel, and to speak against him, saying, As the gods of the nations of other lands have not delivered their people out of mine hand, so shall not the God of Hezekiah deliver his people out of mine hand.
2 Chronicles 32:27	And Hezekiah had exceeding much riches and honor: and he made himself treasuries for silver, and for gold, and for precious stones, and for spices, and for shields, and for all manner of pleasant jewels;
2 Chronicles 33:4	Also he built altars in the house of the LORD, whereof the LORD had said, In Jerusalem shall my name be for ever.
2 Chronicles 33:14	Now after this he built a wall without the city of David, on the west side of Gihon, in the valley, even to the entering in at the fish gate, and compassed about Ophel, and raised it up a very great height, and put captains of war in all the fenced cities of Judah.
2 Chronicles 33:24	And his servants conspired against him, and slew him in his own house.
2 Chronicles 34:9	And when they came to Hilkiah the high priest, they delivered the money that was brought into the house of God, which the Levites that kept the doors had gathered of the hand of Manasseh and Ephraim, and of all the remnant of Israel, and of all Judah and Benjamin; and they returned to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 34:19	And it came to pass, when the king had heard the words of the law, that he rent his clothes.
2 Chronicles 34:29	Then the king sent and gathered together all the elders of Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 35:6	So kill the passover, and sanctify yourselves, and prepare your brethren, that they may do according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses.
2 Chronicles 35:16	So all the service of the LORD was prepared the same day, to keep the passover, and to offer burnt offerings upon the altar of the LORD, according to the commandment of king Josiah.
2 Chronicles 35:26	Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and his goodness, according to that which was written in the law of the LORD,
2 Chronicles 36:9	Jehoiachin was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months and ten days in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 36:19	And they burnt the house of God, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem, and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire, and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof.
Ezra 1:6	And all they that were about them strengthened their hands with vessels of silver, with gold, with goods, and with beasts, and with precious things, beside all that was willingly offered.
Ezra 2:5	The children of Arah, seven hundred seventy and five.
Ezra 2:15	The children of Adin, four hundred fifty and four.
Ezra 2:25	The children of Kirjatharim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred and forty and three.
Ezra 2:35	The children of Senaah, three thousand and six hundred and thirty.
Ezra 2:45	The children of Lebanah, the children of Hagabah, the children of Akkub,
Ezra 2:55	The children of Solomon's servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of Peruda,
Ezra 2:65	Beside their servants and their maids, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven: and there were among them two hundred singing men and singing women.
Ezra 3:5	And afterward offered the continual burnt offering, both of the new moons, and of all the set feasts of the LORD that were consecrated, and of every one that willingly offered a freewill offering unto the LORD.
Ezra 4:2	Then they came to Zerubbabel, and to the chief of the fathers, and said unto them, Let us build with you: for we seek your God, as ye do; and we do sacrifice unto him since the days of Esarhaddon king of Assur, which brought us up hither.
Ezra 4:12	Be it known unto the king, that the Jews which came up from thee to us are come unto Jerusalem, building the rebellious and the bad city, and have set up the walls thereof, and joined the foundations.
Ezra 4:22	Take heed now that ye fail not to do this: why should damage grow to the hurt of the kings?
Ezra 5:8	Be it known unto the king, that we went into the province of Judea, to the house of the great God, which is builded with great stones, and timber is laid in the walls, and this work goeth fast on, and prospereth in their hands.
Ezra 6:1	Then Darius the king made a decree, and search was made in the house of the rolls, where the treasures were laid up in Babylon.
Ezra 6:11	Also I have made a decree, that whosoever shall alter this word, let timber be pulled down from his house, and being set up, let him be hanged thereon; and let his house be made a dunghill for this.
Ezra 6:21	And the children of Israel, which were come again out of captivity, and all such as had separated themselves unto them from the filthiness of the heathen of the land, to seek the LORD God of Israel, did eat,
Ezra 7:9	For upon the first day of the first month began he to go up from Babylon, and on the first day of the fifth month came he to Jerusalem, according to the good hand of his God upon him.
Ezra 7:19	The vessels also that are given thee for the service of the house of thy God, those deliver thou before the God of Jerusalem.
Ezra 8:1	These are now the chief of their fathers, and this is the genealogy of them that went up with me from Babylon, in the reign of Artaxerxes the king.
Ezra 8:11	And of the sons of Bebai; Zechariah the son of Bebai, and with him twenty and eight males.
Ezra 8:21	Then I proclaimed a fast there, at the river of Ahava, that we might afflict ourselves before our God, to seek of him a right way for us, and for our little ones, and for all our substance.
Ezra 8:31	Then we departed from the river of Ahava on the twelfth day of the first month, to go unto Jerusalem: and the hand of our God was upon us, and he delivered us from the hand of the enemy, and of such as lay in wait by the way.
Ezra 9:5	And at the evening sacrifice I arose up from my heaviness; and having rent my garment and my mantle, I fell upon my knees, and spread out my hands unto the LORD my God,
Ezra 9:15	O LORD God of Israel, thou art righteous: for we remain yet escaped, as it is this day: behold, we are before thee in our trespasses: for we cannot stand before thee because of this.
Ezra 10:10	And Ezra the priest stood up, and said unto them, Ye have transgressed, and have taken strange wives, to increase the trespass of Israel.
Ezra 10:20	And of the sons of Immer; Hanani, and Zebadiah.
Ezra 10:30	And of the sons of Pahathmoab; Adna, and Chelal, Benaiah, Maaseiah, Mattaniah, Bezaleel, and Binnui, and Manasseh.
Ezra 10:40	Machnadebai, Shashai, Sharai,
Nehemiah 1:6	Let thine ear now be attentive, and thine eyes open, that thou mayest hear the prayer of thy servant, which I pray before thee now, day and night, for the children of Israel thy servants, and confess the sins of the children of Israel, which we have sinned against thee: both I and my father's house have sinned.
Nehemiah 2:5	And I said unto the king, If it please the king, and if thy servant have found favour in thy sight, that thou wouldest send me unto Judah, unto the city of my fathers' sepulchres, that I may build it.
Nehemiah 2:15	Then went I up in the night by the brook, and viewed the wall, and turned back, and entered by the gate of the valley, and so returned.
Nehemiah 3:5	And next unto them the Tekoites repaired; but their nobles put not their necks to the work of their LORD.
Nehemiah 3:15	But the gate of the fountain repaired Shallun the son of Colhozeh, the ruler of part of Mizpah; he built it, and covered it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and the wall of the pool of Siloah by the king's garden, and unto the stairs that go down from the city of David.
Nehemiah 3:25	Palal the son of Uzai, over against the turning of the wall, and the tower which lieth out from the king's high house, that was by the court of the prison. After him Pedaiah the son of Parosh.
Nehemiah 4:3	Now Tobiah the Ammonite was by him, and he said, Even that which they build, if a fox go up, he shall even break down their stone wall.
Nehemiah 4:13	Therefore set I in the lower places behind the wall, and on the higher places, I even set the people after their families with their swords, their spears, and their bows.
Nehemiah 4:23	So neither I, nor my brethren, nor my servants, nor the men of the guard which followed me, none of us put off our clothes, saving that every one put them off for washing.
Nehemiah 5:10	I likewise, and my brethren, and my servants, might exact of them money and corn: I pray you, let us leave off this usury.
Nehemiah 6:1	Now it came to pass when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and Geshem the Arabian, and the rest of our enemies, heard that I had builded the wall, and that there was no breach left therein; (though at that time I had not set up the doors upon the gates;)
Nehemiah 6:11	And I said, Should such a man as I flee? and who is there, that, being as I am, would go into the temple to save his life? I will not go in.
Nehemiah 7:2	That I gave my brother Hanani, and Hananiah the ruler of the palace, charge over Jerusalem: for he was a faithful man, and feared God above many.
Nehemiah 7:12	The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
Nehemiah 7:22	The children of Hashum, three hundred twenty and eight.
Nehemiah 7:32	The men of Bethel and Ai, an hundred twenty and three.
Nehemiah 7:42	The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen.
Nehemiah 7:52	The children of Besai, the children of Meunim, the children of Nephishesim,
Nehemiah 7:62	The children of Delaiah, the children of Tobiah, the children of Nekoda, six hundred forty and two.
Nehemiah 7:72	And that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand drams of gold, and two thousand pound of silver, and threescore and seven priests' garments.
Nehemiah 8:9	And Nehemiah, which is the Tirshatha, and Ezra the priest the scribe, and the Levites that taught the people, said unto all the people, This day is holy unto the LORD your God; mourn not, nor weep. For all the people wept, when they heard the words of the law.
Nehemiah 9:1	Now in the twenty and fourth day of this month the children of Israel were assembled with fasting, and with sackclothes, and earth upon them.
Nehemiah 9:11	And thou didst divide the sea before them, so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land; and their persecutors thou threwest into the deeps, as a stone into the mighty waters.
Nehemiah 9:21	Yea, forty years didst thou sustain them in the wilderness, so that they lacked nothing; their clothes waxed not old, and their feet swelled not.
Nehemiah 9:31	Nevertheless for thy great mercies' sake thou didst not utterly consume them, nor forsake them; for thou art a gracious and merciful God.
Nehemiah 10:3	Pashur, Amariah, Malchijah,
Nehemiah 10:13	Hodijah, Bani, Beninu.
Nehemiah 10:23	Hoshea, Hananiah, Hashub,
Nehemiah 10:33	For the shewbread, and for the continual meat offering, and for the continual burnt offering, of the sabbaths, of the new moons, for the set feasts, and for the holy things, and for the sin offerings to make an atonement for Israel, and for all the work of the house of our God.
Nehemiah 11:4	And at Jerusalem dwelt certain of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin. Of the children of Judah; Athaiah the son of Uzziah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Amariah, the son of Shephatiah, the son of Mahalaleel, of the children of Perez;
Nehemiah 11:14	And their brethren, mighty men of valour, an hundred twenty and eight: and their overseer was Zabdiel, the son of one of the great men.
Nehemiah 11:24	And Pethahiah the son of Meshezabeel, of the children of Zerah the son of Judah, was at the king's hand in all matters concerning the people.
Nehemiah 11:34	Hadid, Zeboim, Neballat,
Nehemiah 12:8	Moreover the Levites: Jeshua, Binnui, Kadmiel, Sherebiah, Judah, and Mattaniah, which was over the thanksgiving, he and his brethren.
Nehemiah 12:18	Of Bilgah, Shammua; of Shemaiah, Jehonathan;
Nehemiah 12:28	And the sons of the singers gathered themselves together, both out of the plain country round about Jerusalem, and from the villages of Netophathi;
Nehemiah 12:38	And the other company of them that gave thanks went over against them, and I after them, and the half of the people upon the wall, from beyond the tower of the furnaces even unto the broad wall;
Nehemiah 13:1	On that day they read in the book of Moses in the audience of the people; and therein was found written, that the Ammonite and the Moabite should not come into the congregation of God for ever;
Nehemiah 13:11	Then contended I with the rulers, and said, Why is the house of God forsaken? And I gathered them together, and set them in their place.
Nehemiah 13:21	Then I testified against them, and said unto them, Why lodge ye about the wall? if ye do so again, I will lay hands on you. From that time forth came they no more on the sabbath.
Nehemiah 13:31	And for the wood offering, at times appointed, and for the firstfruits. Remember me, O my God, for good.
Esther 1:10	On the seventh day, when the heart of the king was merry with wine, he commanded Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, and Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas, the seven chamberlains that served in the presence of Ahasuerus the king,
Esther 1:20	And when the king's decree which he shall make shall be published throughout all his empire, (for it is great,) all the wives shall give to their husbands honour, both to great and small.
Esther 2:8	So it came to pass, when the king's commandment and his decree was heard, and when many maidens were gathered together unto Shushan the palace, to the custody of Hegai, that Esther was brought also unto the king's house, to the custody of Hegai, keeper of the women.
Esther 2:18	Then the king made a great feast unto all his princes and his servants, even Esther's feast; and he made a release to the provinces, and gave gifts, according to the state of the king.
Esther 3:5	And when Haman saw that Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence, then was Haman full of wrath.
Esther 3:15	The posts went out, being hastened by the king's commandment, and the decree was given in Shushan the palace. And the king and Haman sat down to drink; but the city Shushan was perplexed.
Esther 4:10	Again Esther spake unto Hatach, and gave him commandment unto Mordecai;
Esther 5:3	Then said the king unto her, What wilt thou, queen Esther? and what is thy request? it shall be even given thee to the half of the kingdom.
Esther 5:13	Yet all this availeth me nothing, so long as I see Mordecai the Jew sitting at the king's gate.
Esther 6:9	And let this apparel and horse be delivered to the hand of one of the king's most noble princes, that they may array the man withal whom the king delighteth to honour, and bring him on horseback through the street of the city, and proclaim before him, Thus shall it be done to the man whom the king delighteth to honour.
Esther 7:5	Then the king Ahasuerus answered and said unto Esther the queen, Who is he, and where is he, that durst presume in his heart to do so?
Esther 8:5	And said, If it please the king, and if I have favour in his sight, and the thing seem right before the king, and I be pleasing in his eyes, let it be written to reverse the letters devised by Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, which he wrote to destroy the Jews which are in all the king's provinces:
Esther 8:15	And Mordecai went out from the presence of the king in royal apparel of blue and white, and with a great crown of gold, and with a garment of fine linen and purple: and the city of Shushan rejoiced and was glad.
Esther 9:8	And Poratha, and Adalia, and Aridatha,
Esther 9:18	But the Jews that were at Shushan assembled together on the thirteenth day thereof, and on the fourteenth thereof; and on the fifteenth day of the same they rested, and made it a day of feasting and gladness.
Esther 9:28	And that these days should be remembered and kept throughout every generation, every family, every province, and every city; and that these days of Purim should not fail from among the Jews, nor the memorial of them perish from their seed.
Job 1:3	His substance also was seven thousand sheep, and three thousand camels, and five hundred yoke of oxen, and five hundred she asses, and a very great household; so that this man was the greatest of all the men of the east.
Job 1:13	And there was a day when his sons and his daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother's house:
Job 2:1	Again there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them to present himself before the LORD.
Job 2:11	Now when Job's three friends heard of all this evil that was come upon him, they came every one from his own place; Eliphaz the Temanite, and Bildad the Shuhite, and Zophar the Naamathite: for they had made an appointment together to come to mourn with him and to comfort him.
Job 3:8	Let them curse it that curse the day, who are ready to raise up their mourning.
Job 3:18	There the prisoners rest together; they hear not the voice of the oppressor.
Job 4:2	If we assay to commune with thee, wilt thou be grieved? but who can withhold himself from speaking?
Job 4:12	Now a thing was secretly brought to me, and mine ear received a little thereof.
Job 5:1	Call now, if there be any that will answer thee; and to which of the saints wilt thou turn?
Job 5:11	To set up on high those that be low; that those which mourn may be exalted to safety.
Job 5:21	Thou shalt be hid from the scourge of the tongue: neither shalt thou be afraid of destruction when it cometh.
Job 6:4	For the arrows of the Almighty are within me, the poison whereof drinketh up my spirit: the terrors of God do set themselves in array against me.
Job 6:14	To him that is afflicted pity should be shewed from his friend; but he forsaketh the fear of the Almighty.
Job 6:24	Teach me, and I will hold my tongue: and cause me to understand wherein I have erred.
Job 7:4	When I lie down, I say, When shall I arise, and the night be gone? and I am full of tossings to and fro unto the dawning of the day.
Job 7:14	Then thou scarest me with dreams, and terrifiest me through visions:
Job 8:3	Doth God pervert judgment? or doth the Almighty pervert justice?
Job 8:13	So are the paths of all that forget God; and the hypocrite's hope shall perish:
Job 9:1	Then Job answered and said,
Job 9:11	Lo, he goeth by me, and I see him not: he passeth on also, but I perceive him not.
Job 9:21	Though I were perfect, yet would I not know my soul: I would despise my life.
Job 9:31	Yet shalt thou plunge me in the ditch, and mine own clothes shall abhor me.
Job 10:6	That thou enquirest after mine iniquity, and searchest after my sin?
Job 10:16	For it increaseth. Thou huntest me as a fierce lion: and again thou shewest thyself marvellous upon me.
Job 11:4	For thou hast said, My doctrine is pure, and I am clean in thine eyes.
Job 11:14	If iniquity be in thine hand, put it far away, and let not wickedness dwell in thy tabernacles.
Job 12:4	I am as one mocked of his neighbour, who calleth upon God, and he answereth him: the just upright man is laughed to scorn.
Job 12:14	Behold, he breaketh down, and it cannot be built again: he shutteth up a man, and there can be no opening.
Job 12:24	He taketh away the heart of the chief of the people of the earth, and causeth them to wander in a wilderness where there is no way.
Job 13:9	Is it good that he should search you out? or as one man mocketh another, do ye so mock him?
Job 13:19	Who is he that will plead with me? for now, if I hold my tongue, I shall give up the ghost.
Job 14:1	Man that is born of a woman is of few days and full of trouble.
Job 14:11	As the waters fail from the sea, and the flood decayeth and drieth up:
Job 14:21	His sons come to honour, and he knoweth it not; and they are brought low, but he perceiveth it not of them.
Job 15:9	What knowest thou, that we know not? what understandest thou, which is not in us?
Job 15:19	Unto whom alone the earth was given, and no stranger passed among them.
Job 15:29	He shall not be rich, neither shall his substance continue, neither shall he prolong the perfection thereof upon the earth.
Job 16:4	I also could speak as ye do: if your soul were in my soul's stead, I could heap up words against you, and shake mine head at you.
Job 16:14	He breaketh me with breach upon breach, he runneth upon me like a giant.
Job 17:2	Are there not mockers with me? and doth not mine eye continue in their provocation?
Job 17:12	They change the night into day: the light is short because of darkness.
Job 18:6	The light shall be dark in his tabernacle, and his candle shall be put out with him.
Job 18:16	His roots shall be dried up beneath, and above shall his branch be cut off.
Job 19:5	If indeed ye will magnify yourselves against me, and plead against me my reproach:
Job 19:15	They that dwell in mine house, and my maids, count me for a stranger: I am an alien in their sight.
Job 19:25	For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth:
Job 20:6	Though his excellency mount up to the heavens, and his head reach unto the clouds;
Job 20:16	He shall suck the poison of asps: the viper's tongue shall slay him.
Job 20:26	All darkness shall be hid in his secret places: a fire not blown shall consume him; it shall go ill with him that is left in his tabernacle.
Job 21:7	Wherefore do the wicked live, become old, yea, are mighty in power?
Job 21:17	How oft is the candle of the wicked put out! and how oft cometh their destruction upon them! God distributeth sorrows in his anger.
Job 21:27	Behold, I know your thoughts, and the devices which ye wrongfully imagine against me.
Job 22:3	Is it any pleasure to the Almighty, that thou art righteous? or is it gain to him, that thou makest thy ways perfect?
Job 22:13	And thou sayest, How doth God know? can he judge through the dark cloud?
Job 22:23	If thou return to the Almighty, thou shalt be built up, thou shalt put away iniquity far from thy tabernacles.
Job 23:3	Oh that I knew where I might find him! that I might come even to his seat!
Job 23:13	But he is in one mind, and who can turn him? and what his soul desireth, even that he doeth.
Job 24:6	They reap every one his corn in the field: and they gather the vintage of the wicked.
Job 24:16	In the dark they dig through houses, which they had marked for themselves in the daytime: they know not the light.
Job 25:1	Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said,
Job 26:5	Dead things are formed from under the waters, and the inhabitants thereof.
Job 27:1	Moreover Job continued his parable, and said,
Job 27:11	I will teach you by the hand of God: that which is with the Almighty will I not conceal.
Job 27:21	The east wind carrieth him away, and he departeth: and as a storm hurleth him out of his place.
Job 28:8	The lion's whelps have not trodden it, nor the fierce lion passed by it.
Job 28:18	No mention shall be made of coral, or of pearls: for the price of wisdom is above rubies.
Job 28:28	And unto man he said, Behold, the fear of the LORD, that is wisdom; and to depart from evil is understanding.
Job 29:10	The nobles held their peace, and their tongue cleaved to the roof of their mouth.
Job 29:20	My glory was fresh in me, and my bow was renewed in my hand.
Job 30:5	They were driven forth from among men, (they cried after them as after a thief;)
Job 30:15	Terrors are turned upon me: they pursue my soul as the wind: and my welfare passeth away as a cloud.
Job 30:25	Did not I weep for him that was in trouble? was not my soul grieved for the poor?
Job 31:4	Doth not he see my ways, and count all my steps?
Job 31:14	What then shall I do when God riseth up? and when he visiteth, what shall I answer him?
Job 31:24	If I have made gold my hope, or have said to the fine gold, Thou art my confidence;
Job 31:34	Did I fear a great multitude, or did the contempt of families terrify me, that I kept silence, and went not out of the door?
Job 32:4	Now Elihu had waited till Job had spoken, because they were elder than he.
Job 32:14	Now he hath not directed his words against me: neither will I answer him with your speeches.
Job 33:2	Behold, now I have opened my mouth, my tongue hath spoken in my mouth.
Job 33:12	Behold, in this thou art not just: I will answer thee, that God is greater than man.
Job 33:22	Yea, his soul draweth near unto the grave, and his life to the destroyers.
Job 33:32	If thou hast anything to say, answer me: speak, for I desire to justify thee.
Job 34:9	For he hath said, It profiteth a man nothing that he should delight himself with God.
Job 34:19	How much less to him that accepteth not the persons of princes, nor regardeth the rich more than the poor? for they all are the work of his hands.
Job 34:29	When he giveth quietness, who then can make trouble? and when he hideth his face, who then can behold him? whether it be done against a nation, or against a man only:
Job 35:2	Thinkest thou this to be right, that thou saidst, My righteousness is more than God's?
Job 35:12	There they cry, but none giveth answer, because of the pride of evil men.
Job 36:6	He preserveth not the life of the wicked: but giveth right to the poor.
Job 36:16	Even so would he have removed thee out of the strait into a broad place, where there is no straitness; and that which should be set on thy table should be full of fatness.
Job 36:26	Behold, God is great, and we know him not, neither can the number of his years be searched out.
Job 37:3	He directeth it under the whole heaven, and his lightning unto the ends of the earth.
Job 37:13	He causeth it to come, whether for correction, or for his land, or for mercy.
Job 37:23	Touching the Almighty, we cannot find him out: he is excellent in power, and in judgment, and in plenty of justice: he will not afflict.
Job 38:9	When I made the cloud the garment thereof, and thick darkness a swaddlingband for it,
Job 38:19	Where is the way where light dwelleth? and as for darkness, where is the place thereof,
Job 38:29	Out of whose womb came the ice? and the hoary frost of heaven, who hath gendered it?
Job 38:39	Wilt thou hunt the prey for the lion? or fill the appetite of the young lions,
Job 39:8	The range of the mountains is his pasture, and he searcheth after every green thing.
Job 39:18	What time she lifteth up herself on high, she scorneth the horse and his rider.
Job 39:28	She dwelleth and abideth on the rock, upon the crag of the rock, and the strong place.
Job 40:8	Wilt thou also disannul my judgment? wilt thou condemn me, that thou mayest be righteous?
Job 40:18	His bones are as strong pieces of brass; his bones are like bars of iron.
Job 41:4	Will he make a covenant with thee? wilt thou take him for a servant for ever?
Job 41:14	Who can open the doors of his face? his teeth are terrible round about.
Job 41:24	His heart is as firm as a stone; yea, as hard as a piece of the nether millstone.
Job 41:34	He beholdeth all high things: he is a king over all the children of pride.
Job 42:10	And the LORD turned the captivity of Job, when he prayed for his friends: also the LORD gave Job twice as much as he had before.
Psalms 1:3	And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water, that bringeth forth his fruit in his season; his leaf also shall not wither; and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper.
Psalms 2:7	I will declare the decree: the LORD hath said unto me, Thou art my Son; this day have I begotten thee.
Psalms 3:5	I laid me down and slept; I awaked; for the LORD sustained me.
Psalms 4:7	Thou hast put gladness in my heart, more than in the time that their corn and their wine increased.
Psalms 5:9	For there is no faithfulness in their mouth; their inward part is very wickedness; their throat is an open sepulchre; they flatter with their tongue.
Psalms 6:7	Mine eye is consumed because of grief; it waxeth old because of all mine enemies.
Psalms 7:7	So shall the congregation of the people compass thee about: for their sakes therefore return thou on high.
Psalms 7:17	I will praise the LORD according to his righteousness: and will sing praise to the name of the LORD most high.
Psalms 9:1	I will praise thee, O LORD, with my whole heart; I will shew forth all thy marvellous works.
Psalms 9:11	Sing praises to the LORD, which dwelleth in Zion: declare among the people his doings.
Psalms 10:1	Why standest thou afar off, O LORD? why hidest thou thyself in times of trouble?
Psalms 10:11	He hath said in his heart, God hath forgotten: he hideth his face; he will never see it.
Psalms 11:3	If the foundations be destroyed, what can the righteous do?
Psalms 12:6	The words of the LORD are pure words: as silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven times.
Psalms 14:2	The LORD looked down from heaven upon the children of men, to see if there were any that did understand, and seek God.
Psalms 15:5	He that putteth not out his money to usury, nor taketh reward against the innocent. He that doeth these things shall never be moved.
Psalms 16:10	For thou wilt not leave my soul in hell; neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.
Psalms 17:9	From the wicked that oppress me, from my deadly enemies, who compass me about.
Psalms 18:4	The sorrows of death compassed me, and the floods of ungodly men made me afraid.
Psalms 18:14	Yea, he sent out his arrows, and scattered them; and he shot out lightnings, and discomfited them.
Psalms 18:24	Therefore hath the LORD recompensed me according to my righteousness, according to the cleanness of my hands in his eyesight.
Psalms 18:34	He teacheth my hands to war, so that a bow of steel is broken by mine arms.
Psalms 18:44	As soon as they hear of me, they shall obey me: the strangers shall submit themselves unto me.
Psalms 19:4	Their line is gone out through all the earth, and their words to the end of the world. In them hath he set a tabernacle for the sun,
Psalms 19:14	Let the words of my mouth, and the meditation of my heart, be acceptable in thy sight, O LORD, my strength, and my redeemer.
Psalms 21:1	The king shall joy in thy strength, O LORD; and in thy salvation how greatly shall he rejoice!
Psalms 21:11	For they intended evil against thee: they imagined a mischievous device, which they are not able to perform.
Psalms 22:8	He trusted on the LORD that he would deliver him: let him deliver him, seeing he delighted in him.
Psalms 22:18	They part my garments among them, and cast lots upon my vesture.
Psalms 22:28	For the kingdom is the LORD's: and he is the governor among the nations.
Psalms 24:1	The earth is the LORD's, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein.
Psalms 25:1	Unto thee, O LORD, do I lift up my soul.
Psalms 25:11	For thy name's sake, O LORD, pardon mine iniquity; for it is great.
Psalms 25:21	Let integrity and uprightness preserve me; for I wait on thee.
Psalms 26:9	Gather not my soul with sinners, nor my life with bloody men:
Psalms 27:7	Hear, O LORD, when I cry with my voice: have mercy also upon me, and answer me.
Psalms 28:3	Draw me not away with the wicked, and with the workers of iniquity, which speak peace to their neighbours, but mischief is in their hearts.
Psalms 29:4	The voice of the LORD is powerful; the voice of the LORD is full of majesty.
Psalms 30:3	O LORD, thou hast brought up my soul from the grave: thou hast kept me alive, that I should not go down to the pit.
Psalms 31:1	In thee, O LORD, do I put my trust; let me never be ashamed: deliver me in thy righteousness.
Psalms 31:11	I was a reproach among all mine enemies, but especially among my neighbours, and a fear to mine acquaintance: they that did see me without fled from me.
Psalms 31:21	Blessed be the LORD: for he hath shewed me his marvellous kindness in a strong city.
Psalms 32:7	Thou art my hiding place; thou shalt preserve me from trouble; thou shalt compass me about with songs of deliverance. Selah.
Psalms 33:6	By the word of the LORD were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth.
Psalms 33:16	There is no king saved by the multitude of an host: a mighty man is not delivered by much strength.
Psalms 34:4	I sought the LORD, and he heard me, and delivered me from all my fears.
Psalms 34:14	Depart from evil, and do good; seek peace, and pursue it.
Psalms 35:2	Take hold of shield and buckler, and stand up for mine help.
Psalms 35:12	They rewarded me evil for good to the spoiling of my soul.
Psalms 35:22	This thou hast seen, O LORD: keep not silence: O Lord, be not far from me.
Psalms 36:4	He deviseth mischief upon his bed; he setteth himself in a way that is not good; he abhorreth not evil.
Psalms 37:2	For they shall soon be cut down like the grass, and wither as the green herb.
Psalms 37:12	The wicked plotteth against the just, and gnasheth upon him with his teeth.
Psalms 37:22	For such as be blessed of him shall inherit the earth; and they that be cursed of him shall be cut off.
Psalms 37:32	The wicked watcheth the righteous, and seeketh to slay him.
Psalms 38:2	For thine arrows stick fast in me, and thy hand presseth me sore.
Psalms 38:12	They also that seek after my life lay snares for me: and they that seek my hurt speak mischievous things, and imagine deceits all the day long.
Psalms 38:22	Make haste to help me, O Lord my salvation.
Psalms 39:10	Remove thy stroke away from me: I am consumed by the blow of thine hand.
Psalms 40:7	Then said I, Lo, I come: in the volume of the book it is written of me,
Psalms 40:17	But I am poor and needy; yet the Lord thinketh upon me: thou art my help and my deliverer; make no tarrying, O my God.
Psalms 41:10	But thou, O LORD, be merciful unto me, and raise me up, that I may requite them.
Psalms 42:7	Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts: all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me.
Psalms 44:1	We have heard with our ears, O God, our fathers have told us, what work thou didst in their days, in the times of old.
Psalms 44:11	Thou hast given us like sheep appointed for meat; and hast scattered us among the heathen.
Psalms 44:21	Shall not God search this out? for he knoweth the secrets of the heart.
Psalms 45:5	Thine arrows are sharp in the heart of the king's enemies; whereby the people fall under thee.
Psalms 45:15	With gladness and rejoicing shall they be brought: they shall enter into the king's palace.
Psalms 46:8	Come, behold the works of the LORD, what desolations he hath made in the earth.
Psalms 47:7	For God is the King of all the earth: sing ye praises with understanding.
Psalms 48:8	As we have heard, so have we seen in the city of the LORD of hosts, in the city of our God: God will establish it for ever. Selah.
Psalms 49:4	I will incline mine ear to a parable: I will open my dark saying upon the harp.
Psalms 49:14	Like sheep they are laid in the grave; death shall feed on them; and the upright shall have dominion over them in the morning; and their beauty shall consume in the grave from their dwelling.
Psalms 50:4	He shall call to the heavens from above, and to the earth, that he may judge his people.
Psalms 50:14	Offer unto God thanksgiving; and pay thy vows unto the most High:
Psalms 51:1	Have mercy upon me, O God, according to thy lovingkindness: according unto the multitude of thy tender mercies blot out my transgressions.
Psalms 51:11	Cast me not away from thy presence; and take not thy holy spirit from me.
Psalms 52:2	The tongue deviseth mischiefs; like a sharp razor, working deceitfully.
Psalms 53:3	Every one of them is gone back: they are altogether become filthy; there is none that doeth good, no, not one.
Psalms 54:7	For he hath delivered me out of all trouble: and mine eye hath seen his desire upon mine enemies.
Psalms 55:10	Day and night they go about it upon the walls thereof: mischief also and sorrow are in the midst of it.
Psalms 55:20	He hath put forth his hands against such as be at peace with him: he hath broken his covenant.
Psalms 56:7	Shall they escape by iniquity? in thine anger cast down the people, O God.
Psalms 57:4	My soul is among lions: and I lie even among them that are set on fire, even the sons of men, whose teeth are spears and arrows, and their tongue a sharp sword.
Psalms 58:3	The wicked are estranged from the womb: they go astray as soon as they be born, speaking lies.
Psalms 59:2	Deliver me from the workers of iniquity, and save me from bloody men.
Psalms 59:12	For the sin of their mouth and the words of their lips let them even be taken in their pride: and for cursing and lying which they speak.
Psalms 60:5	That thy beloved may be delivered; save with thy right hand, and hear me.
Psalms 61:3	For thou hast been a shelter for me, and a strong tower from the enemy.
Psalms 62:5	My soul, wait thou only upon God; for my expectation is from him.
Psalms 63:3	Because thy lovingkindness is better than life, my lips shall praise thee.
Psalms 64:2	Hide me from the secret counsel of the wicked; from the insurrection of the workers of iniquity:
Psalms 65:2	O thou that hearest prayer, unto thee shall all flesh come.
Psalms 65:12	They drop upon the pastures of the wilderness: and the little hills rejoice on every side.
Psalms 66:9	Which holdeth our soul in life, and suffereth not our feet to be moved.
Psalms 66:19	But verily God hath heard me; he hath attended to the voice of my prayer.
Psalms 68:2	As smoke is driven away, so drive them away: as wax melteth before the fire, so let the wicked perish at the presence of God.
Psalms 68:12	Kings of armies did flee apace: and she that tarried at home divided the spoil.
Psalms 68:22	The Lord said, I will bring again from Bashan, I will bring my people again from the depths of the sea:
Psalms 68:32	Sing unto God, ye kingdoms of the earth; O sing praises unto the Lord; Selah:
Psalms 69:7	Because for thy sake I have borne reproach; shame hath covered my face.
Psalms 69:17	And hide not thy face from thy servant; for I am in trouble: hear me speedily.
Psalms 69:27	Add iniquity unto their iniquity: and let them not come into thy righteousness.
Psalms 70:1	MAKE HASTE, O GOD, TO DELIVER ME; MAKE HASTE TO HELP ME, O LORD.
Psalms 71:6	By thee have I been holden up from the womb: thou art he that took me out of my mother's bowels: my praise shall be continually of thee.
Psalms 71:16	I will go in the strength of the Lord GOD: I will make mention of thy righteousness, even of thine only.
Psalms 72:2	He shall judge thy people with righteousness, and thy poor with judgment.
Psalms 72:12	For he shall deliver the needy when he crieth; the poor also, and him that hath no helper.
Psalms 73:2	But as for me, my feet were almost gone; my steps had well nigh slipped.
Psalms 73:12	Behold, these are the ungodly, who prosper in the world; they increase in riches.
Psalms 73:22	So foolish was I, and ignorant: I was as a beast before thee.
Psalms 74:4	Thine enemies roar in the midst of thy congregations; they set up their ensigns for signs.
Psalms 74:14	Thou brakest the heads of leviathan in pieces, and gavest him to be meat to the people inhabiting the wilderness.
Psalms 75:1	Unto thee, O God, do we give thanks, unto thee do we give thanks: for that thy name is near thy wondrous works declare.
Psalms 76:1	In Judah is God known: his name is great in Israel.
Psalms 76:11	Vow, and pay unto the LORD your God: let all that be round about him bring presents unto him that ought to be feared.
Psalms 77:9	Hath God forgotten to be gracious? hath he in anger shut up his tender mercies? Selah.
Psalms 77:19	Thy way is in the sea, and thy path in the great waters, and thy footsteps are not known.
Psalms 78:9	The children of Ephraim, being armed, and carrying bows, turned back in the day of battle.
Psalms 78:19	Yea, they spake against God; they said, Can God furnish a table in the wilderness?
Psalms 78:29	So they did eat, and were well filled: for he gave them their own desire;
Psalms 78:39	For he remembered that they were but flesh; a wind that passeth away, and cometh not again.
Psalms 78:49	He cast upon them the fierceness of his anger, wrath, and indignation, and trouble, by sending evil angels among them.
Psalms 78:59	When God heard this, he was wroth, and greatly abhorred Israel:
Psalms 78:69	And he built his sanctuary like high palaces, like the earth which he hath established for ever.
Psalms 79:7	For they have devoured Jacob, and laid waste his dwelling place.
Psalms 80:4	O LORD God of hosts, how long wilt thou be angry against the prayer of thy people?
Psalms 80:14	Return, we beseech thee, O God of hosts: look down from heaven, and behold, and visit this vine;
Psalms 81:5	This he ordained in Joseph for a testimony, when he went out through the land of Egypt: where I heard a language that I understood not.
Psalms 81:15	The haters of the LORD should have submitted themselves unto him: but their time should have endured for ever.
Psalms 83:1	Keep not thou silence, O God: hold not thy peace, and be not still, O God.
Psalms 83:11	Make their nobles like Oreb, and like Zeeb: yea, all their princes as Zebah, and as Zalmunna:
Psalms 84:3	Yea, the sparrow hath found an house, and the swallow a nest for herself, where she may lay her young, even thine altars, O LORD of hosts, my King, and my God.
Psalms 85:1	Lord, thou hast been favourable unto thy land: thou hast brought back the captivity of Jacob.
Psalms 85:11	Truth shall spring out of the earth; and righteousness shall look down from heaven.
Psalms 86:8	Among the gods there is none like unto thee, O Lord; neither are there any works like unto thy works.
Psalms 87:1	His foundation is in the holy mountains.
Psalms 88:4	I am counted with them that go down into the pit: I am as a man that hath no strength:
Psalms 88:14	LORD, why castest thou off my soul? why hidest thou thy face from me?
Psalms 89:6	For who in the heaven can be compared unto the LORD? who among the sons of the mighty can be likened unto the LORD?
Psalms 89:16	In thy name shall they rejoice all the day: and in thy righteousness shall they be exalted.
Psalms 89:26	He shall cry unto me, Thou art my father, my God, and the rock of my salvation.
Psalms 89:36	His seed shall endure for ever, and his throne as the sun before me.
Psalms 89:46	How long, LORD? wilt thou hide thyself for ever? shall thy wrath burn like fire?
Psalms 90:4	For a thousand years in thy sight are but as yesterday when it is past, and as a watch in the night.
Psalms 90:14	O satisfy us early with thy mercy; that we may rejoice and be glad all our days.
Psalms 91:7	A thousand shall fall at thy side, and ten thousand at thy right hand; but it shall not come nigh thee.
Psalms 92:1	IT IS A GOOD THING TO GIVE THANKS UNTO THE LORD, AND TO SING PRAISES UNTO THY NAME, O MOST HIGH:
Psalms 92:11	Mine eye also shall see my desire on mine enemies, and mine ears shall hear my desire of the wicked that rise up against me.
Psalms 94:1	O Lord God, to whom vengeance belongeth; O God, to whom vengeance belongeth, shew thyself.
Psalms 94:11	The LORD knoweth the thoughts of man, that they are vanity.
Psalms 94:21	They gather themselves together against the soul of the righteous, and condemn the innocent blood.
Psalms 95:8	Harden not your heart, as in the provocation, and as in the day of temptation in the wilderness:
Psalms 96:7	Give unto the LORD, O ye kindreds of the people, give unto the LORD glory and strength.
Psalms 97:4	His lightnings enlightened the world: the earth saw, and trembled.
Psalms 98:2	The LORD hath made known his salvation: his righteousness hath he openly shewed in the sight of the heathen.
Psalms 99:3	Let them praise thy great and terrible name; for it is holy.
Psalms 100:4	Enter into his gates with thanksgiving, and into his courts with praise: be thankful unto him, and bless his name.
Psalms 102:1	Hear my prayer, O LORD, and let my cry come unto thee.
Psalms 102:11	My days are like a shadow that declineth; and I am withered like grass.
Psalms 102:21	To declare the name of the LORD in Zion, and his praise in Jerusalem;
Psalms 103:3	Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;
Psalms 103:13	Like as a father pitieth his children, so the LORD pitieth them that fear him.
Psalms 104:1	Bless the LORD, O my soul. O LORD my God, thou art very great; thou art clothed with honour and majesty.
Psalms 104:11	They give drink to every beast of the field: the wild asses quench their thirst.
Psalms 104:21	The young lions roar after their prey, and seek their meat from God.
Psalms 104:31	The glory of the LORD shall endure for ever: the LORD shall rejoice in his works.
Psalms 105:6	O ye seed of Abraham his servant, ye children of Jacob his chosen.
Psalms 105:16	Moreover he called for a famine upon the land: he brake the whole staff of bread.
Psalms 105:26	He sent Moses his servant; and Aaron whom he had chosen.
Psalms 105:36	He smote also all the firstborn in their land, the chief of all their strength.
Psalms 106:1	Praise ye the LORD. O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 106:11	And the waters covered their enemies: there was not one of them left.
Psalms 106:21	They forgat God their saviour, which had done great things in Egypt;
Psalms 106:31	And that was counted unto him for righteousness unto all generations for evermore.
Psalms 106:41	And he gave them into the hand of the heathen; and they that hated them ruled over them.
Psalms 107:3	And gathered them out of the lands, from the east, and from the west, from the north, and from the south.
Psalms 107:13	Then they cried unto the LORD in their trouble, and he saved them out of their distresses.
Psalms 107:23	They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters;
Psalms 107:33	He turneth rivers into a wilderness, and the watersprings into dry ground;
Psalms 107:43	Whoso is wise, and will observe these things, even they shall understand the lovingkindness of the LORD.
Psalms 108:10	Who will bring me into the strong city? who will lead me into Edom?
Psalms 109:7	When he shall be judged, let him be condemned: and let his prayer become sin.
Psalms 109:17	As he loved cursing, so let it come unto him: as he delighted not in blessing, so let it be far from him.
Psalms 109:27	That they may know that this is thy hand; that thou, LORD, hast done it.
Psalms 110:6	He shall judge among the heathen, he shall fill the places with the dead bodies; he shall wound the heads over many countries.
Psalms 111:9	He sent redemption unto his people: he hath commanded his covenant for ever: holy and reverend is his name.
Psalms 112:9	He hath dispersed, he hath given to the poor; his righteousness endureth for ever; his horn shall be exalted with honour.
Psalms 113:9	He maketh the barren woman to keep house, and to be a joyful mother of children. Praise ye the LORD.
Psalms 115:2	Wherefore should the heathen say, Where is now their God?
Psalms 115:12	The LORD hath been mindful of us: he will bless us; he will bless the house of Israel; he will bless the house of Aaron.
Psalms 116:4	Then called I upon the name of the LORD; O LORD, I beseech thee, deliver my soul.
Psalms 116:14	I will pay my vows unto the LORD now in the presence of all his people.
Psalms 118:3	Let the house of Aaron now say, that his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 118:13	Thou hast thrust sore at me that I might fall: but the LORD helped me.
Psalms 118:23	This is the LORD's doing; it is marvellous in our eyes.
Psalms 119:4	Thou hast commanded us to keep thy precepts diligently.
Psalms 119:14	I have rejoiced in the way of thy testimonies, as much as in all riches.
Psalms 119:24	Thy testimonies also are my delight and my counsellors.
Psalms 119:34	Give me understanding, and I shall keep thy law; yea, I shall observe it with my whole heart.
Psalms 119:44	So shall I keep thy law continually for ever and ever.
Psalms 119:54	Thy statutes have been my songs in the house of my pilgrimage.
Psalms 119:64	The earth, O LORD, is full of thy mercy: teach me thy statutes.
Psalms 119:74	They that fear thee will be glad when they see me; because I have hoped in thy word.
Psalms 119:84	How many are the days of thy servant? when wilt thou execute judgment on them that persecute me?
Psalms 119:94	I am thine, save me: for I have sought thy precepts.
Psalms 119:104	Through thy precepts I get understanding: therefore I hate every false way.
Psalms 119:114	Thou art my hiding place and my shield: I hope in thy word.
Psalms 119:124	Deal with thy servant according unto thy mercy, and teach me thy statutes.
Psalms 119:134	Deliver me from the oppression of man: so will I keep thy precepts.
Psalms 119:144	The righteousness of thy testimonies is everlasting: give me understanding, and I shall live.
Psalms 119:154	Plead my cause, and deliver me: quicken me according to thy word.
Psalms 119:164	Seven times a day do I praise thee because of thy righteous judgments.
Psalms 119:174	I have longed for thy salvation, O LORD; and thy law is my delight.
Psalms 121:1	I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help.
Psalms 122:3	Jerusalem is builded as a city that is compact together:
Psalms 123:4	Our soul is exceedingly filled with the scorning of those that are at ease, and with the contempt of the proud.
Psalms 125:2	As the mountains are round about Jerusalem, so the LORD is round about his people from henceforth even for ever.
Psalms 127:1	Except the LORD build the house, they labour in vain that build it: except the LORD keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain.
Psalms 128:6	Yea, thou shalt see thy children's children, and peace upon Israel.
Psalms 130:2	Lord, hear my voice: let thine ears be attentive to the voice of my supplications.
Psalms 132:1	Lord, remember David, and all his afflictions:
Psalms 132:11	The LORD hath sworn in truth unto David; he will not turn from it; Of the fruit of thy body will I set upon thy throne.
Psalms 133:3	As the dew of Hermon, and as the dew that descended upon the mountains of Zion: for there the LORD commanded the blessing, even life for evermore.
Psalms 135:7	He causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth; he maketh lightnings for the rain; he bringeth the wind out of his treasuries.
Psalms 135:17	They have ears, but they hear not; neither is there any breath in their mouths.
Psalms 136:6	To him that stretched out the earth above the waters: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 136:16	To him which led his people through the wilderness: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 136:26	O give thanks unto the God of heaven: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 138:1	I will praise thee with my whole heart: before the gods will I sing praise unto thee.
Psalms 139:3	Thou compassest my path and my lying down, and art acquainted with all my ways.
Psalms 139:13	For thou hast possessed my reins: thou hast covered me in my mother's womb.
Psalms 139:23	Search me, O God, and know my heart: try me, and know my thoughts:
Psalms 140:9	As for the head of those that compass me about, let the mischief of their own lips cover them.
Psalms 141:6	When their judges are overthrown in stony places, they shall hear my words; for they are sweet.
Psalms 142:6	Attend unto my cry; for I am brought very low: deliver me from my persecutors; for they are stronger than I.
Psalms 143:9	Deliver me, O LORD, from mine enemies: I flee unto thee to hide me.
Psalms 144:7	Send thine hand from above; rid me, and deliver me out of great waters, from the hand of strange children;
Psalms 145:2	Every day will I bless thee; and I will praise thy name for ever and ever.
Psalms 145:12	To make known to the sons of men his mighty acts, and the glorious majesty of his kingdom.
Psalms 146:1	Praise ye the LORD. Praise the LORD, O my soul.
Psalms 147:1	Praise ye the LORD: for it is good to sing praises unto our God; for it is pleasant; and praise is comely.
Psalms 147:11	The LORD taketh pleasure in them that fear him, in those that hope in his mercy.
Psalms 148:1	Praise ye the LORD. Praise ye the LORD from the heavens: praise him in the heights.
Psalms 148:11	Kings of the earth, and all people; princes, and all judges of the earth:
Psalms 149:7	To execute vengeance upon the heathen, and punishments upon the people;
Proverbs 1:2	To know wisdom and instruction; to perceive the words of understanding;
Proverbs 1:12	Let us swallow them up alive as the grave; and whole, as those that go down into the pit:
Proverbs 1:22	How long, ye simple ones, will ye love simplicity? and the scorners delight in their scorning, and fools hate knowledge?
Proverbs 1:32	For the turning away of the simple shall slay them, and the prosperity of fools shall destroy them.
Proverbs 2:9	Then shalt thou understand righteousness, and judgment, and equity; yea, every good path.
Proverbs 2:19	None that go unto her return again, neither take they hold of the paths of life.
Proverbs 3:7	Be not wise in thine own eyes: fear the LORD, and depart from evil.
Proverbs 3:17	Her ways are ways of pleasantness, and all her paths are peace.
Proverbs 3:27	Withhold not good from them to whom it is due, when it is in the power of thine hand to do it.
Proverbs 4:2	For I give you good doctrine, forsake ye not my law.
Proverbs 4:12	When thou goest, thy steps shall not be straitened; and when thou runnest, thou shalt not stumble.
Proverbs 4:22	For they are life unto those that find them, and health to all their flesh.
Proverbs 5:5	Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell.
Proverbs 5:15	Drink waters out of thine own cistern, and running waters out of thine own well.
Proverbs 6:2	Thou art snared with the words of thy mouth, thou art taken with the words of thy mouth.
Proverbs 6:12	A naughty person, a wicked man, walketh with a froward mouth.
Proverbs 6:22	When thou goest, it shall lead thee; when thou sleepest, it shall keep thee; and when thou awakest, it shall talk with thee.
Proverbs 6:32	But whoso committeth adultery with a woman lacketh understanding: he that doeth it destroyeth his own soul.
Proverbs 7:7	And beheld among the simple ones, I discerned among the youths, a young man void of understanding,
Proverbs 7:17	I have perfumed my bed with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon.
Proverbs 7:27	Her house is the way to hell, going down to the chambers of death.
Proverbs 8:10	Receive my instruction, and not silver; and knowledge rather than choice gold.
Proverbs 8:20	I lead in the way of righteousness, in the midst of the paths of judgment:
Proverbs 8:30	Then I was by him, as one brought up with him: and I was daily his delight, rejoicing always before him;
Proverbs 9:4	Whoso is simple, let him turn in hither: as for him that wanteth understanding, she saith to him,
Proverbs 9:14	For she sitteth at the door of her house, on a seat in the high places of the city,
Proverbs 10:6	Blessings are upon the head of the just: but violence covereth the mouth of the wicked.
Proverbs 10:16	The labour of the righteous tendeth to life: the fruit of the wicked to sin.
Proverbs 10:26	As vinegar to the teeth, and as smoke to the eyes, so is the sluggard to them that send him.
Proverbs 11:4	Riches profit not in the day of wrath: but righteousness delivereth from death.
Proverbs 11:14	Where no counsel is, the people fall: but in the multitude of counsellors there is safety.
Proverbs 11:24	There is that scattereth, and yet increaseth; and there is that withholdeth more than is meet, but it tendeth to poverty.
Proverbs 12:3	A man shall not be established by wickedness: but the root of the righteous shall not be moved.
Proverbs 12:13	The wicked is snared by the transgression of his lips: but the just shall come out of trouble.
Proverbs 12:23	A prudent man concealeth knowledge: but the heart of fools proclaimeth foolishness.
Proverbs 13:5	A righteous man hateth lying: but a wicked man is loathsome, and cometh to shame.
Proverbs 13:15	Good understanding giveth favour: but the way of transgressors is hard.
Proverbs 13:25	The righteous eateth to the satisfying of his soul: but the belly of the wicked shall want.
Proverbs 14:10	The heart knoweth his own bitterness; and a stranger doth not intermeddle with his joy.
Proverbs 14:20	The poor is hated even of his own neighbour: but the rich hath many friends.
Proverbs 14:30	A sound heart is the life of the flesh: but envy the rottenness of the bones.
Proverbs 15:5	A fool despiseth his father's instruction: but he that regardeth reproof is prudent.
Proverbs 15:15	All the days of the afflicted are evil: but he that is of a merry heart hath a continual feast.
Proverbs 15:25	The LORD will destroy the house of the proud: but he will establish the border of the widow.
Proverbs 16:2	All the ways of a man are clean in his own eyes; but the LORD weigheth the spirits.
Proverbs 16:12	It is an abomination to kings to commit wickedness: for the throne is established by righteousness.
Proverbs 16:22	Understanding is a wellspring of life unto him that hath it: but the instruction of fools is folly.
Proverbs 16:32	He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city.
Proverbs 17:9	He that covereth a transgression seeketh love; but he that repeateth a matter separateth very friends.
Proverbs 17:19	He loveth transgression that loveth strife: and he that exalteth his gate seeketh destruction.
Proverbs 18:1	Through desire a man, having separated himself, seeketh and intermeddleth with all wisdom.
Proverbs 18:11	The rich man's wealth is his strong city, and as an high wall in his own conceit.
Proverbs 18:21	Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof.
Proverbs 19:7	All the brethren of the poor do hate him: how much more do his friends go far from him? he pursueth them with words, yet they are wanting to him.
Proverbs 19:17	He that hath pity upon the poor lendeth unto the LORD; and that which he hath given will he pay him again.
Proverbs 19:27	Cease, my son, to hear the instruction that causeth to err from the words of knowledge.
Proverbs 20:8	A king that sitteth in the throne of judgment scattereth away all evil with his eyes.
Proverbs 20:18	Every purpose is established by counsel: and with good advice make war.
Proverbs 20:28	Mercy and truth preserve the king: and his throne is upholden by mercy.
Proverbs 21:8	The way of man is froward and strange: but as for the pure, his work is right.
Proverbs 21:18	The wicked shall be a ransom for the righteous, and the transgressor for the upright.
Proverbs 21:28	A false witness shall perish: but the man that heareth speaketh constantly.
Proverbs 22:7	The rich ruleth over the poor, and the borrower is servant to the lender.
Proverbs 22:17	Bow down thine ear, and hear the words of the wise, and apply thine heart unto my knowledge.
Proverbs 22:27	If thou hast nothing to pay, why should he take away thy bed from under thee?
Proverbs 23:8	The morsel which thou hast eaten shalt thou vomit up, and lose thy sweet words.
Proverbs 23:18	For surely there is an end; and thine expectation shall not be cut off.
Proverbs 23:28	She also lieth in wait as for a prey, and increaseth the transgressors among men.
Proverbs 24:3	Through wisdom is an house builded; and by understanding it is established:
Proverbs 24:13	My son, eat thou honey, because it is good; and the honeycomb, which is sweet to thy taste:
Proverbs 24:23	These things also belong to the wise. It is not good to have respect of persons in judgment.
Proverbs 24:33	Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep:
Proverbs 25:9	Debate thy cause with thy neighbour himself; and discover not a secret to another:
Proverbs 25:19	Confidence in an unfaithful man in time of trouble is like a broken tooth, and a foot out of joint.
Proverbs 26:1	As snow in summer, and as rain in harvest, so honour is not seemly for a fool.
Proverbs 26:11	As a dog returneth to his vomit, so a fool returneth to his folly.
Proverbs 26:21	As coals are to burning coals, and wood to fire; so is a contentious man to kindle strife.
Proverbs 27:3	A stone is heavy, and the sand weighty; but a fool's wrath is heavier than them both.
Proverbs 27:13	Take his garment that is surety for a stranger, and take a pledge of him for a strange woman.
Proverbs 27:23	Be thou diligent to know the state of thy flocks, and look well to thy herds.
Proverbs 28:6	Better is the poor that walketh in his uprightness, than he that is perverse in his ways, though he be rich.
Proverbs 28:16	The prince that wanteth understanding is also a great oppressor: but he that hateth covetousness shall prolong his days.
Proverbs 28:26	He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool: but whoso walketh wisely, he shall be delivered.
Proverbs 29:8	Scornful men bring a city into a snare: but wise men turn away wrath.
Proverbs 29:18	Where there is no vision, the people perish: but he that keepeth the law, happy is he.
Proverbs 30:1	The words of Agur the son of Jakeh, even the prophecy: the man spake unto Ithiel, even unto Ithiel and Ucal,
Proverbs 30:11	There is a generation that curseth their father, and doth not bless their mother.
Proverbs 30:21	For three things the earth is disquieted, and for four which it cannot bear:
Proverbs 30:31	A greyhound; an he goat also; and a king, against whom there is no rising up.
Proverbs 31:8	Open thy mouth for the dumb in the cause of all such as are appointed to destruction.
Proverbs 31:18	She perceiveth that her merchandise is good: her candle goeth not out by night.
Proverbs 31:28	Her children arise up, and call her blessed; her husband also, and he praiseth her.
Ecclesiastes 1:7	All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full; unto the place from whence the rivers come, thither they return again.
Ecclesiastes 1:17	And I gave my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly: I perceived that this also is vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 2:9	So I was great, and increased more than all that were before me in Jerusalem: also my wisdom remained with me.
Ecclesiastes 2:19	And who knoweth whether he shall be a wise man or a fool? yet shall he have rule over all my labour wherein I have laboured, and wherein I have shewed myself wise under the sun. This is also vanity.
Ecclesiastes 3:3	A time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up;
Ecclesiastes 3:13	And also that every man should eat and drink, and enjoy the good of all his labour, it is the gift of God.
Ecclesiastes 4:1	So I returned, and considered all the oppressions that are done under the sun: and behold the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter; and on the side of their oppressors there was power; but they had no comforter.
Ecclesiastes 4:11	Again, if two lie together, then they have heat: but how can one be warm alone?
Ecclesiastes 5:5	Better is it that thou shouldest not vow, than that thou shouldest vow and not pay.
Ecclesiastes 5:15	As he came forth of his mother's womb, naked shall he return to go as he came, and shall take nothing of his labour, which he may carry away in his hand.
Ecclesiastes 6:5	Moreover he hath not seen the sun, nor known any thing: this hath more rest than the other.
Ecclesiastes 7:3	Sorrow is better than laughter: for by the sadness of the countenance the heart is made better.
Ecclesiastes 7:13	Consider the work of God: for who can make that straight, which he hath made crooked?
Ecclesiastes 7:23	All this have I proved by wisdom: I said, I will be wise; but it was far from me.
Ecclesiastes 8:4	Where the word of a king is, there is power: and who may say unto him, What doest thou?
Ecclesiastes 8:14	There is a vanity which is done upon the earth; that there be just men, unto whom it happeneth according to the work of the wicked; again, there be wicked men, to whom it happeneth according to the work of the righteous: I said that this also is vanity.
Ecclesiastes 9:7	Go thy way, eat thy bread with joy, and drink thy wine with a merry heart; for God now accepteth thy works.
Ecclesiastes 9:17	The words of wise men are heard in quiet more than the cry of him that ruleth among fools.
Ecclesiastes 10:9	Whoso removeth stones shall be hurt therewith; and he that cleaveth wood shall be endangered thereby.
Ecclesiastes 10:19	A feast is made for laughter, and wine maketh merry: but money answereth all things.
Ecclesiastes 11:9	Rejoice, O young man, in thy youth; and let thy heart cheer thee in the days of thy youth, and walk in the ways of thine heart, and in the sight of thine eyes: but know thou, that for all these things God will bring thee into judgment.
Ecclesiastes 12:9	And moreover, because the preacher was wise, he still taught the people knowledge; yea, he gave good heed, and sought out, and set in order many proverbs.
Song of Solomon 1:5	I am black, but comely, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, as the tents of Kedar, as the curtains of Solomon.
Song of Solomon 1:15	Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves' eyes.
Song of Solomon 2:8	The voice of my beloved! behold, he cometh leaping upon the mountains, skipping upon the hills.
Song of Solomon 3:1	By night on my bed I sought him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not.
Song of Solomon 3:11	Go forth, O ye daughters of Zion, and behold king Solomon with the crown wherewith his mother crowned him in the day of his espousals, and in the day of the gladness of his heart.
Song of Solomon 4:10	How fair is thy love, my sister, my spouse! how much better is thy love than wine! and the smell of thine ointments than all spices!
Song of Solomon 5:4	My beloved put in his hand by the hole of the door, and my bowels were moved for him.
Song of Solomon 5:14	His hands are as gold rings set with the beryl: his belly is as bright ivory overlaid with sapphires.
Song of Solomon 6:8	There are threescore queens, and fourscore concubines, and virgins without number.
Song of Solomon 7:5	Thine head upon thee is like Carmel, and the hair of thine head like purple; the king is held in the galleries.
Song of Solomon 8:2	I would lead thee, and bring thee into my mother's house, who would instruct me: I would cause thee to drink of spiced wine of the juice of my pomegranate.
Song of Solomon 8:12	My vineyard, which is mine, is before me: thou, O Solomon, must have a thousand, and those that keep the fruit thereof two hundred.
Isaiah 1:8	And the daughter of Zion is left as a cottage in a vineyard, as a lodge in a garden of cucumbers, as a besieged city.
Isaiah 1:18	Come now, and let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.
Isaiah 1:28	And the destruction of the transgressors and of the sinners shall be together, and they that forsake the LORD shall be consumed.
Isaiah 2:7	Their land also is full of silver and gold, neither is there any end of their treasures; their land is also full of horses, neither is there any end of their chariots:
Isaiah 2:17	And the loftiness of man shall be bowed down, and the haughtiness of men shall be made low: and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day.
Isaiah 3:5	And the people shall be oppressed, every one by another, and every one by his neighbour: the child shall behave himself proudly against the ancient, and the base against the honourable.
Isaiah 3:15	What mean ye that ye beat my people to pieces, and grind the faces of the poor? saith the Lord GOD of hosts.
Isaiah 3:25	Thy men shall fall by the sword, and thy mighty in the war.
Isaiah 5:3	And now, O inhabitants of Jerusalem, and men of Judah, judge, I pray you, betwixt me and my vineyard.
Isaiah 5:13	Therefore my people are gone into captivity, because they have no knowledge: and their honourable men are famished, and their multitude dried up with thirst.
Isaiah 5:23	Which justify the wicked for reward, and take away the righteousness of the righteous from him!
Isaiah 6:3	And one cried unto another, and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the LORD of hosts: the whole earth is full of his glory.
Isaiah 6:13	But yet in it shall be a tenth, and it shall return, and shall be eaten: as a teil tree, and as an oak, whose substance is in them, when they cast their leaves: so the holy seed shall be the substance thereof.
Isaiah 7:10	Moreover the LORD spake again unto Ahaz, saying,
Isaiah 7:20	In the same day shall the Lord shave with a razor that is hired, namely, by them beyond the river, by the king of Assyria, the head, and the hair of the feet: and it shall also consume the beard.
Isaiah 8:5	The LORD spake also unto me again, saying,
Isaiah 8:15	And many among them shall stumble, and fall, and be broken, and be snared, and be taken.
Isaiah 9:3	Thou hast multiplied the nation, and not increased the joy: they joy before thee according to the joy in harvest, and as men rejoice when they divide the spoil.
Isaiah 9:13	For the people turneth not unto him that smiteth them, neither do they seek the LORD of hosts.
Isaiah 10:2	To turn aside the needy from judgment, and to take away the right from the poor of my people, that widows may be their prey, and that they may rob the fatherless!
Isaiah 10:12	Wherefore it shall come to pass, that when the Lord hath performed his whole work upon mount Zion and on Jerusalem, I will punish the fruit of the stout heart of the king of Assyria, and the glory of his high looks.
Isaiah 10:22	For though thy people Israel be as the sand of the sea, yet a remnant of them shall return: the consumption decreed shall overflow with righteousness.
Isaiah 10:32	As yet shall he remain at Nob that day: he shall shake his hand against the mount of the daughter of Zion, the hill of Jerusalem.
Isaiah 11:8	And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice' den.
Isaiah 12:2	Behold, God is my salvation; I will trust, and not be afraid: for the LORD JEHOVAH is my strength and my song; he also is become my salvation.
Isaiah 13:6	Howl ye; for the day of the LORD is at hand; it shall come as a destruction from the Almighty.
Isaiah 13:16	Their children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes; their houses shall be spoiled, and their wives ravished.
Isaiah 14:4	That thou shalt take up this proverb against the king of Babylon, and say, How hath the oppressor ceased! the golden city ceased!
Isaiah 14:14	I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the most High.
Isaiah 14:24	The LORD of hosts hath sworn, saying, Surely as I have thought, so shall it come to pass; and as I have purposed, so shall it stand:
Isaiah 15:2	He is gone up to Bajith, and to Dibon, the high places, to weep: Moab shall howl over Nebo, and over Medeba: on all their heads shall be baldness, and every beard cut off.
Isaiah 16:3	Take counsel, execute judgment; make thy shadow as the night in the midst of the noonday; hide the outcasts; bewray not him that wandereth.
Isaiah 16:13	This is the word that the LORD hath spoken concerning Moab since that time.
Isaiah 17:9	In that day shall his strong cities be as a forsaken bough, and an uppermost branch, which they left because of the children of Israel: and there shall be desolation.
Isaiah 18:5	For afore the harvest, when the bud is perfect, and the sour grape is ripening in the flower, he shall both cut off the sprigs with pruning hooks, and take away and cut down the branches.
Isaiah 19:8	The fishers also shall mourn, and all they that cast angle into the brooks shall lament, and they that spread nets upon the waters shall languish.
Isaiah 19:18	In that day shall five cities in the land of Egypt speak the language of Canaan, and swear to the LORD of hosts; one shall be called, The city of destruction.
Isaiah 20:3	And the LORD said, Like as my servant Isaiah hath walked naked and barefoot three years for a sign and wonder upon Egypt and upon Ethiopia;
Isaiah 21:7	And he saw a chariot with a couple of horsemen, a chariot of asses, and a chariot of camels; and he hearkened diligently with much heed:
Isaiah 21:17	And the residue of the number of archers, the mighty men of the children of Kedar, shall be diminished: for the LORD God of Israel hath spoken it.
Isaiah 22:10	And ye have numbered the houses of Jerusalem, and the houses have ye broken down to fortify the wall.
Isaiah 22:20	And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will call my servant Eliakim the son of Hilkiah:
Isaiah 23:5	As at the report concerning Egypt, so shall they be sorely pained at the report of Tyre.
Isaiah 23:15	And it shall come to pass in that day, that Tyre shall be forgotten seventy years, according to the days of one king: after the end of seventy years shall Tyre sing as an harlot.
Isaiah 24:7	The new wine mourneth, the vine languisheth, all the merryhearted do sigh.
Isaiah 24:17	Fear, and the pit, and the snare, are upon thee, O inhabitant of the earth.
Isaiah 25:4	For thou hast been a strength to the poor, a strength to the needy in his distress, a refuge from the storm, a shadow from the heat, when the blast of the terrible ones is as a storm against the wall.
Isaiah 26:2	Open ye the gates, that the righteous nation which keepeth the truth may enter in.
Isaiah 26:12	LORD, thou wilt ordain peace for us: for thou also hast wrought all our works in us.
Isaiah 27:1	In that day the LORD with his sore and great and strong sword shall punish leviathan the piercing serpent, even leviathan that crooked serpent; and he shall slay the dragon that is in the sea.
Isaiah 27:11	When the boughs thereof are withered, they shall be broken off: the women come, and set them on fire: for it is a people of no understanding: therefore he that made them will not have mercy on them, and he that formed them will shew them no favour.
Isaiah 28:8	For all tables are full of vomit and filthiness, so that there is no place clean.
Isaiah 28:18	And your covenant with death shall be disannulled, and your agreement with hell shall not stand; when the overflowing scourge shall pass through, then ye shall be trodden down by it.
Isaiah 28:28	Bread corn is bruised; because he will not ever be threshing it, nor break it with the wheel of his cart, nor bruise it with his horsemen.
Isaiah 29:9	Stay yourselves, and wonder; cry ye out, and cry: they are drunken, but not with wine; they stagger, but not with strong drink.
Isaiah 29:19	The meek also shall increase their joy in the LORD, and the poor among men shall rejoice in the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 30:5	They were all ashamed of a people that could not profit them, nor be an help nor profit, but a shame, and also a reproach.
Isaiah 30:15	For thus saith the Lord GOD, the Holy One of Israel; In returning and rest shall ye be saved; in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength: and ye would not.
Isaiah 30:25	And there shall be upon every high mountain, and upon every high hill, rivers and streams of waters in the day of the great slaughter, when the towers fall.
Isaiah 31:2	Yet he also is wise, and will bring evil, and will not call back his words: but will arise against the house of the evildoers, and against the help of them that work iniquity.
Isaiah 32:3	And the eyes of them that see shall not be dim, and the ears of them that hear shall hearken.
Isaiah 32:13	Upon the land of my people shall come up thorns and briers; yea, upon all the houses of joy in the joyous city:
Isaiah 33:3	At the noise of the tumult the people fled; at the lifting up of thyself the nations were scattered.
Isaiah 33:13	Hear, ye that are far off, what I have done; and, ye that are near, acknowledge my might.
Isaiah 33:23	Thy tacklings are loosed; they could not well strengthen their mast, they could not spread the sail: then is the prey of a great spoil divided; the lame take the prey.
Isaiah 34:9	And the streams thereof shall be turned into pitch, and the dust thereof into brimstone, and the land thereof shall become burning pitch.
Isaiah 35:2	It shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice even with joy and singing: the glory of Lebanon shall be given unto it, the excellency of Carmel and Sharon, they shall see the glory of the LORD, and the excellency of our God.
Isaiah 36:2	And the king of Assyria sent Rabshakeh from Lachish to Jerusalem unto king Hezekiah with a great army. And he stood by the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field.
Isaiah 36:12	But Rabshakeh said, Hath my master sent me to thy master and to thee to speak these words? hath he not sent me to the men that sit upon the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you?
Isaiah 36:22	Then came Eliakim, the son of Hilkiah, that was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, the son of Asaph, the recorder, to Hezekiah with their clothes rent, and told him the words of Rabshakeh.
Isaiah 37:10	Thus shall ye speak to Hezekiah king of Judah, saying, Let not thy God, in whom thou trustest, deceive thee, saying, Jerusalem shall not be given into the hand of the king of Assyria.
Isaiah 37:20	Now therefore, O LORD our God, save us from his hand, that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that thou art the LORD, even thou only.
Isaiah 37:30	And this shall be a sign unto thee, Ye shall eat this year such as groweth of itself; and the second year that which springeth of the same: and in the third year sow ye, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the fruit thereof.
Isaiah 38:2	Then Hezekiah turned his face toward the wall, and prayed unto the LORD,
Isaiah 38:12	Mine age is departed, and is removed from me as a shepherd's tent: I have cut off like a weaver my life: he will cut me off with pining sickness: from day even to night wilt thou make an end of me.
Isaiah 38:22	Hezekiah also had said, What is the sign that I shall go up to the house of the LORD?
Isaiah 40:2	Speak ye comfortably to Jerusalem, and cry unto her, that her warfare is accomplished, that her iniquity is pardoned: for she hath received of the LORD's hand double for all her sins.
Isaiah 40:12	Who hath measured the waters in the hollow of his hand, and meted out heaven with the span, and comprehended the dust of the earth in a measure, and weighed the mountains in scales, and the hills in a balance?
Isaiah 40:22	It is he that sitteth upon the circle of the earth, and the inhabitants thereof are as grasshoppers; that stretcheth out the heavens as a curtain, and spreadeth them out as a tent to dwell in:
Isaiah 41:1	Keep silence before me, O islands; and let the people renew their strength: let them come near; then let them speak: let us come near together to judgment.
Isaiah 41:11	Behold, all they that were incensed against thee shall be ashamed and confounded: they shall be as nothing; and they that strive with thee shall perish.
Isaiah 41:21	Produce your cause, saith the LORD; bring forth your strong reasons, saith the King of Jacob.
Isaiah 42:2	He shall not cry, nor lift up, nor cause his voice to be heard in the street.
Isaiah 42:12	Let them give glory unto the LORD, and declare his praise in the islands.
Isaiah 42:22	But this is a people robbed and spoiled; they are all of them snared in holes, and they are hid in prison houses: they are for a prey, and none delivereth; for a spoil, and none saith, Restore.
Isaiah 43:7	Even every one that is called by my name: for I have created him for my glory, I have formed him; yea, I have made him.
Isaiah 43:17	Which bringeth forth the chariot and horse, the army and the power; they shall lie down together, they shall not rise: they are extinct, they are quenched as tow.
Isaiah 43:27	Thy first father hath sinned, and thy teachers have transgressed against me.
Isaiah 44:9	They that make a graven image are all of them vanity; and their delectable things shall not profit; and they are their own witnesses; they see not, nor know; that they may be ashamed.
Isaiah 44:19	And none considereth in his heart, neither is there knowledge nor understanding to say, I have burned part of it in the fire; yea, also I have baked bread upon the coals thereof; I have roasted flesh, and eaten it: and shall I make the residue thereof an abomination? shall I fall down to the stock of a tree?
Isaiah 45:1	Thus saith the LORD to his anointed, to Cyrus, whose right hand I have holden, to subdue nations before him; and I will loose the loins of kings, to open before him the two leaved gates; and the gates shall not be shut;
Isaiah 45:11	Thus saith the LORD, the Holy One of Israel, and his Maker, Ask me of things to come concerning my sons, and concerning the work of my hands command ye me.
Isaiah 45:21	Tell ye, and bring them near; yea, let them take counsel together: who hath declared this from ancient time? who hath told it from that time? have not I the LORD? and there is no God else beside me; a just God and a Saviour; there is none beside me.
Isaiah 46:6	They lavish gold out of the bag, and weigh silver in the balance, and hire a goldsmith; and he maketh it a god: they fall down, yea, they worship.
Isaiah 47:3	Thy nakedness shall be uncovered, yea, thy shame shall be seen: I will take vengeance, and I will not meet thee as a man.
Isaiah 47:13	Thou art wearied in the multitude of thy counsels. Let now the astrologers, the stargazers, the monthly prognosticators, stand up, and save thee from these things that shall come upon thee.
Isaiah 48:8	Yea, thou heardest not; yea, thou knewest not; yea, from that time that thine ear was not opened: for I knew that thou wouldest deal very treacherously, and wast called a transgressor from the womb.
Isaiah 48:18	O that thou hadst hearkened to my commandments! then had thy peace been as a river, and thy righteousness as the waves of the sea:
Isaiah 49:6	And he said, It is a light thing that thou shouldest be my servant to raise up the tribes of Jacob, and to restore the preserved of Israel: I will also give thee for a light to the Gentiles, that thou mayest be my salvation unto the end of the earth.
Isaiah 49:16	Behold, I have graven thee upon the palms of my hands; thy walls are continually before me.
Isaiah 49:26	And I will feed them that oppress thee with their own flesh; and they shall be drunken with their own blood, as with sweet wine: and all flesh shall know that I the LORD am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer, the mighty One of Jacob.
Isaiah 50:10	Who is among you that feareth the LORD, that obeyeth the voice of his servant, that walketh in darkness, and hath no light? let him trust in the name of the LORD, and stay upon his God.
Isaiah 51:9	Awake, awake, put on strength, O arm of the LORD; awake, as in the ancient days, in the generations of old. Art thou not it that hath cut Rahab, and wounded the dragon?
Isaiah 51:19	These two things are come unto thee; who shall be sorry for thee? desolation, and destruction, and the famine, and the sword: by whom shall I comfort thee?
Isaiah 52:6	Therefore my people shall know my name: therefore they shall know in that day that I am he that doth speak: behold, it is I.
Isaiah 53:1	Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the LORD revealed?
Isaiah 53:11	He shall see of the travail of his soul, and shall be satisfied: by his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many; for he shall bear their iniquities.
Isaiah 54:9	For this is as the waters of Noah unto me: for as I have sworn that the waters of Noah should no more go over the earth; so have I sworn that I would not be wroth with thee, nor rebuke thee.
Isaiah 55:2	Wherefore do ye spend money for that which is not bread? and your labour for that which satisfieth not? hearken diligently unto me, and eat ye that which is good, and let your soul delight itself in fatness.
Isaiah 55:12	For ye shall go out with joy, and be led forth with peace: the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing, and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands.
Isaiah 56:9	All ye beasts of the field, come to devour, yea, all ye beasts in the forest.
Isaiah 57:7	Upon a lofty and high mountain hast thou set thy bed: even thither wentest thou up to offer sacrifice.
Isaiah 57:17	For the iniquity of his covetousness was I wroth, and smote him: I hid me, and was wroth, and he went on frowardly in the way of his heart.
Isaiah 58:6	Is not this the fast that I have chosen? to loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke?
Isaiah 59:2	But your iniquities have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid his face from you, that he will not hear.
Isaiah 59:12	For our transgressions are multiplied before thee, and our sins testify against us: for our transgressions are with us; and as for our iniquities, we know them;
Isaiah 60:1	Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and the glory of the LORD is risen upon thee.
Isaiah 60:11	Therefore thy gates shall be open continually; they shall not be shut day nor night; that men may bring unto thee the forces of the Gentiles, and that their kings may be brought.
Isaiah 60:21	Thy people also shall be all righteous: they shall inherit the land for ever, the branch of my planting, the work of my hands, that I may be glorified.
Isaiah 61:9	And their seed shall be known among the Gentiles, and their offspring among the people: all that see them shall acknowledge them, that they are the seed which the LORD hath blessed.
Isaiah 62:8	The LORD hath sworn by his right hand, and by the arm of his strength, Surely I will no more give thy corn to be meat for thine enemies; and the sons of the stranger shall not drink thy wine, for the which thou hast laboured:
Isaiah 63:6	And I will tread down the people in mine anger, and make them drunk in my fury, and I will bring down their strength to the earth.
Isaiah 63:16	Doubtless thou art our father, though Abraham be ignorant of us, and Israel acknowledge us not: thou, O LORD, art our father, our redeemer; thy name is from everlasting.
Isaiah 64:7	And there is none that calleth upon thy name, that stirreth up himself to take hold of thee: for thou hast hid thy face from us, and hast consumed us, because of our iniquities.
Isaiah 65:5	Which say, Stand by thyself, come not near to me; for I am holier than thou. These are a smoke in my nose, a fire that burneth all the day.
Isaiah 65:15	And ye shall leave your name for a curse unto my chosen: for the Lord GOD shall slay thee, and call his servants by another name:
Isaiah 65:25	The wolf and the lamb shall feed together, and the lion shall eat straw like the bullock: and dust shall be the serpent's meat. They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain, saith the LORD.
Isaiah 66:10	Rejoice ye with Jerusalem, and be glad with her, all ye that love her: rejoice for joy with her, all ye that mourn for her:
Isaiah 66:20	And they shall bring all your brethren for an offering unto the LORD out of all nations upon horses, and in chariots, and in litters, and upon mules, and upon swift beasts, to my holy mountain Jerusalem, saith the LORD, as the children of Israel bring an offering in a clean vessel into the house of the LORD.
Jeremiah 1:6	Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! behold, I cannot speak: for I am a child.
Jeremiah 1:16	And I will utter my judgments against them touching all their wickedness, who have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, and worshipped the works of their own hands.
Jeremiah 2:7	And I brought you into a plentiful country, to eat the fruit thereof and the goodness thereof; but when ye entered, ye defiled my land, and made mine heritage an abomination.
Jeremiah 2:17	Hast thou not procured this unto thyself, in that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy God, when he led thee by the way?
Jeremiah 2:27	Saying to a stock, Thou art my father; and to a stone, Thou hast brought me forth: for they have turned their back unto me, and not their face: but in the time of their trouble they will say, Arise, and save us.
Jeremiah 2:37	Yea, thou shalt go forth from him, and thine hands upon thine head: for the LORD hath rejected thy confidences, and thou shalt not prosper in them.
Jeremiah 3:10	And yet for all this her treacherous sister Judah hath not turned unto me with her whole heart, but feignedly, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 3:20	Surely as a wife treacherously departeth from her husband, so have ye dealt treacherously with me, O house of Israel, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 4:5	Declare ye in Judah, and publish in Jerusalem; and say, Blow ye the trumpet in the land: cry, gather together, and say, Assemble yourselves, and let us go into the defenced cities.
Jeremiah 4:15	For a voice declareth from Dan, and publisheth affliction from mount Ephraim.
Jeremiah 4:25	I beheld, and, lo, there was no man, and all the birds of the heavens were fled.
Jeremiah 5:4	Therefore I said, Surely these are poor; they are foolish: for they know not the way of the LORD, nor the judgment of their God.
Jeremiah 5:14	Wherefore thus saith the LORD God of hosts, Because ye speak this word, behold, I will make my words in thy mouth fire, and this people wood, and it shall devour them.
Jeremiah 5:24	Neither say they in their heart, Let us now fear the LORD our God, that giveth rain, both the former and the latter, in his season: he reserveth unto us the appointed weeks of the harvest.
Jeremiah 6:3	The shepherds with their flocks shall come unto her; they shall pitch their tents against her round about; they shall feed every one in his place.
Jeremiah 6:13	For from the least of them even unto the greatest of them every one is given to covetousness; and from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely.
Jeremiah 6:23	They shall lay hold on bow and spear; they are cruel, and have no mercy; their voice roareth like the sea; and they ride upon horses, set in array as men for war against thee, O daughter of Zion.
Jeremiah 7:3	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, Amend your ways and your doings, and I will cause you to dwell in this place.
Jeremiah 7:13	And now, because ye have done all these works, saith the LORD, and I spake unto you, rising up early and speaking, but ye heard not; and I called you, but ye answered not;
Jeremiah 7:23	But this thing commanded I them, saying, Obey my voice, and I will be your God, and ye shall be my people: and walk ye in all the ways that I have commanded you, that it may be well unto you.
Jeremiah 7:33	And the carcases of this people shall be meat for the fowls of the heaven, and for the beasts of the earth; and none shall fray them away.
Jeremiah 8:9	The wise men are ashamed, they are dismayed and taken: lo, they have rejected the word of the LORD; and what wisdom is in them?
Jeremiah 8:19	Behold the voice of the cry of the daughter of my people because of them that dwell in a far country: Is not the LORD in Zion? is not her king in her? Why have they provoked me to anger with their graven images, and with strange vanities?
Jeremiah 9:7	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, Behold, I will melt them, and try them; for how shall I do for the daughter of my people?
Jeremiah 9:17	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, Consider ye, and call for the mourning women, that they may come; and send for cunning women, that they may come:
Jeremiah 10:1	Hear ye the word which the LORD speaketh unto you, O house of Israel:
Jeremiah 10:11	Thus shall ye say unto them, The gods that have not made the heavens and the earth, even they shall perish from the earth, and from under these heavens.
Jeremiah 10:21	For the pastors are become brutish, and have not sought the LORD: therefore they shall not prosper, and all their flocks shall be scattered.
Jeremiah 11:6	Then the LORD said unto me, Proclaim all these words in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, saying, Hear ye the words of this covenant, and do them.
Jeremiah 11:16	The LORD called thy name, A green olive tree, fair, and of goodly fruit: with the noise of a great tumult he hath kindled fire upon it, and the branches of it are broken.
Jeremiah 12:3	But thou, O LORD, knowest me: thou hast seen me, and tried mine heart toward thee: pull them out like sheep for the slaughter, and prepare them for the day of slaughter.
Jeremiah 12:13	They have sown wheat, but shall reap thorns: they have put themselves to pain, but shall not profit: and they shall be ashamed of your revenues because of the fierce anger of the LORD.
Jeremiah 13:6	And it came to pass after many days, that the LORD said unto me, Arise, go to Euphrates, and take the girdle from thence, which I commanded thee to hide there.
Jeremiah 13:16	Give glory to the LORD your God, before he cause darkness, and before your feet stumble upon the dark mountains, and, while ye look for light, he turn it into the shadow of death, and make it gross darkness.
Jeremiah 13:26	Therefore will I discover thy skirts upon thy face, that thy shame may appear.
Jeremiah 14:9	Why shouldest thou be as a man astonied, as a mighty man that cannot save? yet thou, O LORD, art in the midst of us, and we are called by thy name; leave us not.
Jeremiah 14:19	Hast thou utterly rejected Judah? hath thy soul lothed Zion? why hast thou smitten us, and there is no healing for us? we looked for peace, and there is no good; and for the time of healing, and behold trouble!
Jeremiah 15:7	And I will fan them with a fan in the gates of the land; I will bereave them of children, I will destroy my people since they return not from their ways.
Jeremiah 15:17	I sat not in the assembly of the mockers, nor rejoiced; I sat alone because of thy hand: for thou hast filled me with indignation.
Jeremiah 16:6	Both the great and the small shall die in this land: they shall not be buried, neither shall men lament for them, nor cut themselves, nor make themselves bald for them:
Jeremiah 16:16	Behold, I will send for many fishers, saith the LORD, and they shall fish them; and after will I send for many hunters, and they shall hunt them from every mountain, and from every hill, and out of the holes of the rocks.
Jeremiah 17:5	Thus saith the LORD; Cursed be the man that trusteth in man, and maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart departeth from the LORD.
Jeremiah 17:15	Behold, they say unto me, Where is the word of the LORD? let it come now.
Jeremiah 17:25	Then shall there enter into the gates of this city kings and princes sitting upon the throne of David, riding in chariots and on horses, they, and their princes, the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem: and this city shall remain for ever.
Jeremiah 18:8	If that nation, against whom I have pronounced, turn from their evil, I will repent of the evil that I thought to do unto them.
Jeremiah 18:18	Then said they, Come and let us devise devices against Jeremiah; for the law shall not perish from the priest, nor counsel from the wise, nor the word from the prophet. Come, and let us smite him with the tongue, and let us not give heed to any of his words.
Jeremiah 19:5	They have built also the high places of Baal, to burn their sons with fire for burnt offerings unto Baal, which I commanded not, nor spake it, neither came it into my mind:
Jeremiah 19:15	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring upon this city and upon all her towns all the evil that I have pronounced against it, because they have hardened their necks, that they might not hear my words.
Jeremiah 20:10	For I heard the defaming of many, fear on every side. Report, say they, and we will report it. All my familiars watched for my halting, saying, Peradventure he will be enticed, and we shall prevail against him, and we shall take our revenge on him.
Jeremiah 21:2	Enquire, I pray thee, of the LORD for us; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon maketh war against us; if so be that the LORD will deal with us according to all his wondrous works, that he may go up from us.
Jeremiah 21:12	O house of David, thus saith the LORD; Execute judgment in the morning, and deliver him that is spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor, lest my fury go out like fire, and burn that none can quench it, because of the evil of your doings.
Jeremiah 22:8	And many nations shall pass by this city, and they shall say every man to his neighbour, Wherefore hath the LORD done thus unto this great city?
Jeremiah 22:18	Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah; They shall not lament for him, saying, Ah my brother! or, Ah sister! they shall not lament for him, saying, Ah lord! or, Ah his glory!
Jeremiah 22:28	Is this man Coniah a despised broken idol? is he a vessel wherein is no pleasure? wherefore are they cast out, he and his seed, and are cast into a land which they know not?
Jeremiah 23:8	But, The LORD liveth, which brought up and which led the seed of the house of Israel out of the north country, and from all countries whither I had driven them; and they shall dwell in their own land.
Jeremiah 23:18	For who hath stood in the counsel of the LORD, and hath perceived and heard his word? who hath marked his word, and heard it?
Jeremiah 23:28	The prophet that hath a dream, let him tell a dream; and he that hath my word, let him speak my word faithfully. What is the chaff to the wheat? saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 23:38	But since ye say, The burden of the LORD; therefore thus saith the LORD; Because ye say this word, The burden of the LORD, and I have sent unto you, saying, Ye shall not say, The burden of the LORD;
Jeremiah 24:8	And as the evil figs, which cannot be eaten, they are so evil; surely thus saith the LORD, So will I give Zedekiah the king of Judah, and his princes, and the residue of Jerusalem, that remain in this land, and them that dwell in the land of Egypt:
Jeremiah 25:8	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts; Because ye have not heard my words,
Jeremiah 25:18	To wit, Jerusalem, and the cities of Judah, and the kings thereof, and the princes thereof, to make them a desolation, an astonishment, an hissing, and a curse; as it is this day;
Jeremiah 25:28	And it shall be, if they refuse to take the cup at thine hand to drink, then shalt thou say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Ye shall certainly drink.
Jeremiah 25:38	He hath forsaken his covert, as the lion: for their land is desolate because of the fierceness of the oppressor, and because of his fierce anger.
Jeremiah 26:10	When the princes of Judah heard these things, then they came up from the king's house unto the house of the LORD, and sat down in the entry of the new gate of the LORD's house.
Jeremiah 26:20	And there was also a man that prophesied in the name of the LORD, Urijah the son of Shemaiah of Kirjathjearim, who prophesied against this city and against this land according to all the words of Jeremiah.
Jeremiah 27:6	And now have I given all these lands into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, my servant; and the beasts of the field have I given him also to serve him.
Jeremiah 27:16	Also I spake to the priests and to all this people, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Hearken not to the words of your prophets that prophesy unto you, saying, Behold, the vessels of the LORD's house shall now shortly be brought again from Babylon: for they prophesy a lie unto you.
Jeremiah 28:4	And I will bring again to this place Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah, with all the captives of Judah, that went into Babylon, saith the LORD: for I will break the yoke of the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 28:14	For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; I have put a yoke of iron upon the neck of all these nations, that they may serve Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon; and they shall serve him: and I have given him the beasts of the field also.
Jeremiah 29:7	And seek the peace of the city whither I have caused you to be carried away captives, and pray unto the LORD for it: for in the peace thereof shall ye have peace.
Jeremiah 29:17	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will send upon them the sword, the famine, and the pestilence, and will make them like vile figs, that cannot be eaten, they are so evil.
Jeremiah 29:27	Now therefore why hast thou not reproved Jeremiah of Anathoth, which maketh himself a prophet to you?
Jeremiah 30:5	For thus saith the LORD; We have heard a voice of trembling, of fear, and not of peace.
Jeremiah 30:15	Why criest thou for thine affliction? thy sorrow is incurable for the multitude of thine iniquity: because thy sins were increased, I have done these things unto thee.
Jeremiah 31:1	At the same time, saith the LORD, will I be the God of all the families of Israel, and they shall be my people.
Jeremiah 31:11	For the LORD hath redeemed Jacob, and ransomed him from the hand of him that was stronger than he.
Jeremiah 31:21	Set thee up waymarks, make thee high heaps: set thine heart toward the highway, even the way which thou wentest: turn again, O virgin of Israel, turn again to these thy cities.
Jeremiah 31:31	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and with the house of Judah:
Jeremiah 32:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD in the tenth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, which was the eighteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar.
Jeremiah 32:11	So I took the evidence of the purchase, both that which was sealed according to the law and custom, and that which was open:
Jeremiah 32:21	And hast brought forth thy people Israel out of the land of Egypt with signs, and with wonders, and with a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with great terror;
Jeremiah 32:31	For this city hath been to me as a provocation of mine anger and of my fury from the day that they built it even unto this day; that I should remove it from before my face,
Jeremiah 32:41	Yea, I will rejoice over them to do them good, and I will plant them in this land assuredly with my whole heart and with my whole soul.
Jeremiah 33:7	And I will cause the captivity of Judah and the captivity of Israel to return, and will build them, as at the first.
Jeremiah 33:17	For thus saith the LORD; David shall never want a man to sit upon the throne of the house of Israel;
Jeremiah 34:1	The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and all his army, and all the kingdoms of the earth of his dominion, and all the people, fought against Jerusalem, and against all the cities thereof, saying,
Jeremiah 34:11	But afterward they turned, and caused the servants and the handmaids, whom they had let go free, to return, and brought them into subjection for servants and for handmaids.
Jeremiah 34:21	And Zedekiah king of Judah and his princes will I give into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of them that seek their life, and into the hand of the king of Babylon's army, which are gone up from you.
Jeremiah 35:9	Nor to build houses for us to dwell in: neither have we vineyard, nor field, nor seed:
Jeremiah 35:19	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Jonadab the son of Rechab shall not want a man to stand before me for ever.
Jeremiah 36:10	Then read Baruch in the book the words of Jeremiah in the house of the LORD, in the chamber of Gemariah the son of Shaphan the scribe, in the higher court, at the entry of the new gate of the LORD's house, in the ears of all the people.
Jeremiah 36:20	And they went in to the king into the court, but they laid up the roll in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and told all the words in the ears of the king.
Jeremiah 36:30	Therefore thus saith the LORD of Jehoiakim king of Judah; He shall have none to sit upon the throne of David: and his dead body shall be cast out in the day to the heat, and in the night to the frost.
Jeremiah 37:8	And the Chaldeans shall come again, and fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire.
Jeremiah 37:18	Moreover Jeremiah said unto king Zedekiah, What have I offended against thee, or against thy servants, or against this people, that ye have put me in prison?
Jeremiah 38:7	Now when Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, one of the eunuchs which was in the king's house, heard that they had put Jeremiah in the dungeon; the king then sitting in the gate of Benjamin;
Jeremiah 38:17	Then said Jeremiah unto Zedekiah, Thus saith the LORD, the God of hosts, the God of Israel; If thou wilt assuredly go forth unto the king of Babylon's princes, then thy soul shall live, and this city shall not be burned with fire; and thou shalt live, and thine house:
Jeremiah 38:27	Then came all the princes unto Jeremiah, and asked him: and he told them according to all these words that the king had commanded. So they left off speaking with him; for the matter was not perceived.
Jeremiah 39:9	Then Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive into Babylon the remnant of the people that remained in the city, and those that fell away, that fell to him, with the rest of the people that remained.
Jeremiah 40:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, after that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had let him go from Ramah, when he had taken him being bound in chains among all that were carried away captive of Jerusalem and Judah, which were carried away captive unto Babylon.
Jeremiah 40:11	Likewise when all the Jews that were in Moab, and among the Ammonites, and in Edom, and that were in all the countries, heard that the king of Babylon had left a remnant of Judah, and that he had set over them Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan;
Jeremiah 41:5	That there came certain from Shechem, from Shiloh, and from Samaria, even fourscore men, having their beards shaven, and their clothes rent, and having cut themselves, with offerings and incense in their hand, to bring them to the house of the LORD.
Jeremiah 41:15	But Ishmael the son of Nethaniah escaped from Johanan with eight men, and went to the Ammonites.
Jeremiah 42:7	And it came to pass after ten days, that the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah.
Jeremiah 42:17	So shall it be with all the men that set their faces to go into Egypt to sojourn there; they shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence: and none of them shall remain or escape from the evil that I will bring upon them.
Jeremiah 43:5	But Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces, took all the remnant of Judah, that were returned from all nations, whither they had been driven, to dwell in the land of Judah;
Jeremiah 44:2	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Ye have seen all the evil that I have brought upon Jerusalem, and upon all the cities of Judah; and, behold, this day they are a desolation, and no man dwelleth therein,
Jeremiah 44:12	And I will take the remnant of Judah, that have set their faces to go into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, and they shall all be consumed, and fall in the land of Egypt; they shall even be consumed by the sword and by the famine: they shall die, from the least even unto the greatest, by the sword and by the famine: and they shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a reproach.
Jeremiah 44:22	So that the LORD could no longer bear, because of the evil of your doings, and because of the abominations which ye have committed; therefore is your land a desolation, and an astonishment, and a curse, without an inhabitant, as at this day.
Jeremiah 45:2	Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, unto thee, O Baruch:
Jeremiah 46:7	Who is this that cometh up as a flood, whose waters are moved as the rivers?
Jeremiah 46:17	They did cry there, Pharaoh king of Egypt is but a noise; he hath passed the time appointed.
Jeremiah 46:27	But fear not thou, O my servant Jacob, and be not dismayed, O Israel: for, behold, I will save thee from afar off, and thy seed from the land of their captivity; and Jacob shall return, and be in rest and at ease, and none shall make him afraid.
Jeremiah 48:2	There shall be no more praise of Moab: in Heshbon they have devised evil against it; come, and let us cut it off from being a nation. Also thou shalt be cut down, O Madmen; the sword shall pursue thee.
Jeremiah 48:12	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will send unto him wanderers, that shall cause him to wander, and shall empty his vessels, and break their bottles.
Jeremiah 48:22	And upon Dibon, and upon Nebo, and upon Bethdiblathaim,
Jeremiah 48:32	O vine of Sibmah, I will weep for thee with the weeping of Jazer: thy plants are gone over the sea, they reach even to the sea of Jazer: the spoiler is fallen upon thy summer fruits and upon thy vintage.
Jeremiah 48:42	And Moab shall be destroyed from being a people, because he hath magnified himself against the LORD.
Jeremiah 49:5	Behold, I will bring a fear upon thee, saith the Lord GOD of hosts, from all those that be about thee; and ye shall be driven out every man right forth; and none shall gather up him that wandereth.
Jeremiah 49:15	For, lo, I will make thee small among the heathen, and despised among men.
Jeremiah 49:25	How is the city of praise not left, the city of my joy!
Jeremiah 49:35	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will break the bow of Elam, the chief of their might.
Jeremiah 50:6	My people hath been lost sheep: their shepherds have caused them to go astray, they have turned them away on the mountains: they have gone from mountain to hill, they have forgotten their restingplace.
Jeremiah 50:16	Cut off the sower from Babylon, and him that handleth the sickle in the time of harvest: for fear of the oppressing sword they shall turn every one to his people, and they shall flee every one to his own land.
Jeremiah 50:26	Come against her from the utmost border, open her storehouses: cast her up as heaps, and destroy her utterly: let nothing of her be left.
Jeremiah 50:36	A sword is upon the liars; and they shall dote: a sword is upon her mighty men; and they shall be dismayed.
Jeremiah 50:46	At the noise of the taking of Babylon the earth is moved, and the cry is heard among the nations.
Jeremiah 51:10	The LORD hath brought forth our righteousness: come, and let us declare in Zion the work of the LORD our God.
Jeremiah 51:20	Thou art my battle axe and weapons of war: for with thee will I break in pieces the nations, and with thee will I destroy kingdoms;
Jeremiah 51:30	The mighty men of Babylon have forborn to fight, they have remained in their holds: their might hath failed; they became as women: they have burned her dwellingplaces; her bars are broken.
Jeremiah 51:40	I will bring them down like lambs to the slaughter, like rams with he goats.
Jeremiah 51:50	Ye that have escaped the sword, go away, stand not still: remember the LORD afar off, and let Jerusalem come into your mind.
Jeremiah 51:60	So Jeremiah wrote in a book all the evil that should come upon Babylon, even all these words that are written against Babylon.
Jeremiah 52:6	And in the fourth month, in the ninth day of the month, the famine was sore in the city, so that there was no bread for the people of the land.
Jeremiah 52:16	But Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left certain of the poor of the land for vinedressers and for husbandmen.
Jeremiah 52:26	So Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard took them, and brought them to the king of Babylon to Riblah.
Lamentations 1:2	She weepeth sore in the night, and her tears are on her cheeks: among all her lovers she hath none to comfort her: all her friends have dealt treacherously with her, they are become her enemies.
Lamentations 1:12	Is it nothing to you, all ye that pass by? behold, and see if there be any sorrow like unto my sorrow, which is done unto me, wherewith the LORD hath afflicted me in the day of his fierce anger.
Lamentations 1:22	Let all their wickedness come before thee; and do unto them, as thou hast done unto me for all my transgressions: for my sighs are many, and my heart is faint.
Lamentations 2:10	The elders of the daughter of Zion sit upon the ground, and keep silence: they have cast up dust upon their heads; they have girded themselves with sackcloth: the virgins of Jerusalem hang down their heads to the ground.
Lamentations 2:20	Behold, O LORD, and consider to whom thou hast done this. Shall the women eat their fruit, and children of a span long? shall the priest and the prophet be slain in the sanctuary of the Lord?
Lamentations 3:8	Also when I cry and shout, he shutteth out my prayer.
Lamentations 3:18	And I said, My strength and my hope is perished from the LORD:
Lamentations 3:28	He sitteth alone and keepeth silence, because he hath borne it upon him.
Lamentations 3:38	Out of the mouth of the most High proceedeth not evil and good?
Lamentations 3:48	Mine eye runneth down with rivers of water for the destruction of the daughter of my people.
Lamentations 3:58	O LORD, thou hast pleaded the causes of my soul; thou hast redeemed my life.
Lamentations 4:2	The precious sons of Zion, comparable to fine gold, how are they esteemed as earthen pitchers, the work of the hands of the potter!
Lamentations 4:12	The kings of the earth, and all the inhabitants of the world, would not have believed that the adversary and the enemy should have entered into the gates of Jerusalem.
Lamentations 4:22	The punishment of thine iniquity is accomplished, O daughter of Zion; he will no more carry thee away into captivity: he will visit thine iniquity, O daughter of Edom; he will discover thy sins.
Lamentations 5:10	Our skin was black like an oven because of the terrible famine.
Lamentations 5:20	Wherefore dost thou forget us for ever, and forsake us so long time?
Ezekiel 1:8	And they had the hands of a man under their wings on their four sides; and they four had their faces and their wings.
Ezekiel 1:18	As for their rings, they were so high that they were dreadful; and their rings were full of eyes round about them four.
Ezekiel 1:28	As the appearance of the bow that is in the cloud in the day of rain, so was the appearance of the brightness round about. This was the appearance of the likeness of the glory of the LORD. And when I saw it, I fell upon my face, and I heard a voice of one that spake.
Ezekiel 2:10	And he spread it before me; and it was written within and without: and there was written therein lamentations, and mourning, and woe.
Ezekiel 3:10	Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, all my words that I shall speak unto thee receive in thine heart, and hear with thine ears.
Ezekiel 3:20	Again, When a righteous man doth turn from his righteousness, and commit iniquity, and I lay a stumbling-block before him, he shall die: because thou hast not given him warning, he shall die in his sin, and his righteousness which he hath done shall not be remembered; but his blood will I require at thine hand.
Ezekiel 4:3	Moreover take thou unto thee an iron pan, and set it for a wall of iron between thee and the city: and set thy face against it, and it shall be besieged, and thou shalt lay siege against it. This shall be a sign to the house of Israel.
Ezekiel 4:13	And the LORD said, Even thus shall the children of Israel eat their defiled bread among the Gentiles, whither I will drive them.
Ezekiel 5:6	And she hath changed my judgments into wickedness more than the nations, and my statutes more than the countries that are round about her: for they have refused my judgments and my statutes, they have not walked in them.
Ezekiel 5:16	When I shall send upon them the evil arrows of famine, which shall be for their destruction, and which I will send to destroy you: and I will increase the famine upon you, and will break your staff of bread:
Ezekiel 6:9	And they that escape of you shall remember me among the nations whither they shall be carried captives, because I am broken with their whorish heart, which hath departed from me, and with their eyes, which go a whoring after their idols: and they shall lothe themselves for the evils which they have committed in all their abominations.
Ezekiel 7:5	Thus saith the Lord GOD; An evil, an only evil, behold, is come.
Ezekiel 7:15	The sword is without, and the pestilence and the famine within: he that is in the field shall die with the sword; and he that is in the city, famine and pestilence shall devour him.
Ezekiel 7:25	Destruction cometh; and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none.
Ezekiel 8:8	Then said he unto me, Son of man, dig now in the wall: and when I had digged in the wall, behold a door.
Ezekiel 8:18	Therefore will I also deal in fury: mine eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity: and though they cry in mine ears with a loud voice, yet will I not hear them.
Ezekiel 9:10	And as for me also, mine eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity, but I will recompense their way upon their head.
Ezekiel 10:9	And when I looked, behold the four wheels by the cherubims, one wheel by one cherub, and another wheel by another cherub: and the appearance of the wheels was as the colour of a beryl stone.
Ezekiel 10:19	And the cherubims lifted up their wings, and mounted up from the earth in my sight: when they went out, the wheels also were beside them, and every one stood at the door of the east gate of the LORD's house; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above.
Ezekiel 11:7	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Your slain whom ye have laid in the midst of it, they are the flesh, and this city is the caldron: but I will bring you forth out of the midst of it.
Ezekiel 11:17	Therefore say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will even gather you from the people, and assemble you out of the countries where ye have been scattered, and I will give you the land of Israel.
Ezekiel 12:2	Son of man, thou dwellest in the midst of a rebellious house, which have eyes to see, and see not; they have ears to hear, and hear not: for they are a rebellious house.
Ezekiel 12:12	And the prince that is among them shall bear upon his shoulder in the twilight, and shall go forth: they shall dig through the wall to carry out thereby: he shall cover his face, that he see not the ground with his eyes.
Ezekiel 12:22	Son of man, what is that proverb that ye have in the land of Israel, saying, The days are prolonged, and every vision faileth?
Ezekiel 13:4	O Israel, thy prophets are like the foxes in the deserts.
Ezekiel 13:14	So will I break down the wall that ye have daubed with untempered morter, and bring it down to the ground, so that the foundation thereof shall be discovered, and it shall fall, and ye shall be consumed in the midst thereof: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 14:1	Then came certain of the elders of Israel unto me, and sat before me.
Ezekiel 14:11	That the house of Israel may go no more astray from me, neither be polluted any more with all their transgressions; but that they may be my people, and I may be their God, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 14:21	For thus saith the Lord GOD; How much more when I send my four sore judgments upon Jerusalem, the sword, and the famine, and the noisome beast, and the pestilence, to cut off from it man and beast?
Ezekiel 15:8	And I will make the land desolate, because they have committed a trespass, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 16:10	I clothed thee also with broidered work, and shod thee with badgers' skin, and I girded thee about with fine linen, and I covered thee with silk.
Ezekiel 16:20	Moreover thou hast taken thy sons and thy daughters, whom thou hast borne unto me, and these hast thou sacrificed unto them to be devoured. Is this of thy whoredoms a small matter,
Ezekiel 16:30	How weak is thine heart, saith the LORD GOD, seeing thou doest all these things, the work of an imperious whorish woman;
Ezekiel 16:40	They shall also bring up a company against thee, and they shall stone thee with stones, and thrust thee through with their swords.
Ezekiel 16:50	And they were haughty, and committed abomination before me: therefore I took them away as I saw good.
Ezekiel 16:60	Nevertheless I will remember my covenant with thee in the days of thy youth, and I will establish unto thee an everlasting covenant.
Ezekiel 17:7	There was also another great eagle with great wings and many feathers: and, behold, this vine did bend her roots toward him, and shot forth her branches toward him, that he might water it by the furrows of her plantation.
Ezekiel 17:17	Neither shall Pharaoh with his mighty army and great company make for him in the war, by casting up mounts, and building forts, to cut off many persons:
Ezekiel 18:3	As I live, saith the Lord GOD, ye shall not have occasion any more to use this proverb in Israel.
Ezekiel 18:13	Hath given forth upon usury, and hath taken increase: shall he then live? he shall not live: he hath done all these abominations; he shall surely die; his blood shall be upon him.
Ezekiel 18:23	Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die? saith the Lord GOD: and not that he should return from his ways, and live?
Ezekiel 19:1	Moreover take thou up a lamentation for the princes of Israel,
Ezekiel 19:11	And she had strong rods for the sceptres of them that bare rule, and her stature was exalted among the thick branches, and she appeared in her height with the multitude of her branches.
Ezekiel 20:7	Then said I unto them, Cast ye away every man the abominations of his eyes, and defile not yourselves with the idols of Egypt: I am the LORD your God.
Ezekiel 20:17	Nevertheless mine eye spared them from destroying them, neither did I make an end of them in the wilderness.
Ezekiel 20:27	Therefore, son of man, speak unto the house of Israel, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Yet in this your fathers have blasphemed me, in that they have committed a trespass against me.
Ezekiel 20:37	And I will cause you to pass under the rod, and I will bring you into the bond of the covenant:
Ezekiel 20:47	And say to the forest of the south, Hear the word of the LORD; Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will kindle a fire in thee, and it shall devour every green tree in thee, and every dry tree: the flaming flame shall not be quenched, and all faces from the south to the north shall be burned therein.
Ezekiel 21:8	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 21:18	The word of the LORD came unto me again, saying,
Ezekiel 21:28	And thou, son of man, prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning the Ammonites, and concerning their reproach; even say thou, The sword, the sword is drawn: for the slaughter it is furbished, to consume because of the glittering:
Ezekiel 22:6	Behold, the princes of Israel, every one were in thee to their power to shed blood.
Ezekiel 22:16	And thou shalt take thine inheritance in thyself in the sight of the heathen, and thou shalt know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 22:26	Her priests have violated my law, and have profaned mine holy things: they have put no difference between the holy and profane, neither have they shewed difference between the unclean and the clean, and have hid their eyes from my sabbaths, and I am profaned among them.
Ezekiel 23:5	And Aholah played the harlot when she was mine; and she doted on her lovers, on the Assyrians her neighbours,
Ezekiel 23:15	Girded with girdles upon their loins, exceeding in dyed attire upon their heads, all of them princes to look to, after the manner of the Babylonians of Chaldea, the land of their nativity:
Ezekiel 23:25	And I will set my jealousy against thee, and they shall deal furiously with thee: they shall take away thy nose and thine ears; and thy remnant shall fall by the sword: they shall take thy sons and thy daughters; and thy residue shall be devoured by the fire.
Ezekiel 23:35	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast forgotten me, and cast me behind thy back, therefore bear thou also thy lewdness and thy whoredoms.
Ezekiel 23:45	And the righteous men, they shall judge them after the manner of adulteresses, and after the manner of women that shed blood; because they are adulteresses, and blood is in their hands.
Ezekiel 24:6	Wherefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe to the bloody city, to the pot whose scum is therein, and whose scum is not gone out of it! bring it out piece by piece; let no lot fall upon it.
Ezekiel 24:16	Son of man, behold, I take away from thee the desire of thine eyes with a stroke: yet neither shalt thou mourn nor weep, neither shall thy tears run down.
Ezekiel 24:26	That he that escapeth in that day shall come unto thee, to cause thee to hear it with thine ears?
Ezekiel 25:9	Therefore, behold, I will open the side of Moab from the cities, from his cities which are on his frontiers, the glory of the country, Bethjeshimoth, Baalmeon, and Kiriathaim,
Ezekiel 26:2	Son of man, because that Tyrus hath said against Jerusalem, Aha, she is broken that was the gates of the people: she is turned unto me: I shall be replenished, now she is laid waste:
Ezekiel 26:12	And they shall make a spoil of thy riches, and make a prey of thy merchandise: and they shall break down thy walls, and destroy thy pleasant houses: and they shall lay thy stones and thy timber and thy dust in the midst of the water.
Ezekiel 27:1	The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 27:11	The men of Arvad with thine army were upon thy walls round about, and the Gammadims were in thy towers: they hanged their shields upon thy walls round about; they have made thy beauty perfect.
Ezekiel 27:21	Arabia, and all the princes of Kedar, they occupied with thee in lambs, and rams, and goats: in these were they thy merchants.
Ezekiel 27:31	And they shall make themselves utterly bald for thee, and gird them with sackcloth, and they shall weep for thee with bitterness of heart and bitter wailing.
Ezekiel 28:5	By thy great wisdom and by thy traffick hast thou increased thy riches, and thine heart is lifted up because of thy riches:
Ezekiel 28:15	Thou wast perfect in thy ways from the day that thou wast created, till iniquity was found in thee.
Ezekiel 28:25	Thus saith the Lord GOD; When I shall have gathered the house of Israel from the people among whom they are scattered, and shall be sanctified in them in the sight of the heathen, then shall they dwell in their land that I have given to my servant Jacob.
Ezekiel 29:9	And the land of Egypt shall be desolate and waste; and they shall know that I am the LORD: because he hath said, The river is mine, and I have made it.
Ezekiel 29:19	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will give the land of Egypt unto Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon; and he shall take her multitude, and take her spoil, and take her prey; and it shall be the wages for his army.
Ezekiel 30:8	And they shall know that I am the LORD, when I have set a fire in Egypt, and when all her helpers shall be destroyed.
Ezekiel 30:18	At Tehaphnehes also the day shall be darkened, when I shall break there the yokes of Egypt: and the pomp of her strength shall cease in her: as for her, a cloud shall cover her, and her daughters shall go into captivity.
Ezekiel 31:2	Son of man, speak unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, and to his multitude; Whom art thou like in thy greatness?
Ezekiel 31:12	And strangers, the terrible of the nations, have cut him off, and have left him: upon the mountains and in all the valleys his branches are fallen, and his boughs are broken by all the rivers of the land; and all the people of the earth are gone down from his shadow, and have left him.
Ezekiel 32:4	Then will I leave thee upon the land, I will cast thee forth upon the open field, and will cause all the fowls of the heaven to remain upon thee, and I will fill the beasts of the whole earth with thee.
Ezekiel 32:14	Then will I make their waters deep, and cause their rivers to run like oil, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 32:24	There is Elam and all her multitude round about her grave, all of them slain, fallen by the sword, which are gone down uncircumcised into the nether parts of the earth, which caused their terror in the land of the living; yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the pit.
Ezekiel 33:2	Son of man, speak to the children of thy people, and say unto them, When I bring the sword upon a land, if the people of the land take a man of their coasts, and set him for their watchman:
Ezekiel 33:12	Therefore, thou son of man, say unto the children of thy people, The righteousness of the righteous shall not deliver him in the day of his transgression: as for the wickedness of the wicked, he shall not fall thereby in the day that he turneth from his wickedness; neither shall the righteous be able to live for his righteousness in the day that he sinneth.
Ezekiel 33:22	Now the hand of the LORD was upon me in the evening, afore he that was escaped came; and had opened my mouth, until he came to me in the morning; and my mouth was opened, and I was no more dumb.
Ezekiel 33:32	And, lo, thou art unto them as a very lovely song of one that hath a pleasant voice, and can play well on an instrument: for they hear thy words, but they do them not.
Ezekiel 34:9	Therefore, O ye shepherds, hear the word of the LORD;
Ezekiel 34:19	And as for my flock, they eat that which ye have trodden with your feet; and they drink that which ye have fouled with your feet.
Ezekiel 34:29	And I will raise up for them a plant of renown, and they shall be no more consumed with hunger in the land, neither bear the shame of the heathen any more.
Ezekiel 35:8	And I will fill his mountains with his slain men: in thy hills, and in thy valleys, and in all thy rivers, shall they fall that are slain with the sword.
Ezekiel 36:3	Therefore prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because they have made you desolate, and swallowed you up on every side, that ye might be a possession unto the residue of the heathen, and ye are taken up in the lips of talkers, and are an infamy of the people:
Ezekiel 36:13	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because they say unto you, Thou land devourest up men, and hast bereaved thy nations:
Ezekiel 36:23	And I will sanctify my great name, which was profaned among the heathen, which ye have profaned in the midst of them; and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD, saith the Lord GOD, when I shall be sanctified in you before their eyes.
Ezekiel 36:33	Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the day that I shall have cleansed you from all your iniquities I will also cause you to dwell in the cities, and the wastes shall be builded.
Ezekiel 37:5	Thus saith the Lord GOD unto these bones; Behold, I will cause breath to enter into you, and ye shall live:
Ezekiel 37:15	The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 37:25	And they shall dwell in the land that I have given unto Jacob my servant, wherein your fathers have dwelt; and they shall dwell therein, even they, and their children, and their children's children for ever: and my servant David shall be their prince for ever.
Ezekiel 38:7	Be thou prepared, and prepare for thyself, thou, and all thy company that are assembled unto thee, and be thou a guard unto them.
Ezekiel 38:17	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Art thou he of whom I have spoken in old time by my servants the prophets of Israel, which prophesied in those days many years that I would bring thee against them?
Ezekiel 39:4	Thou shalt fall upon the mountains of Israel, thou, and all thy bands, and the people that is with thee: I will give thee unto the ravenous birds of every sort, and to the beasts of the field to be devoured.
Ezekiel 39:14	And they shall sever out men of continual employment, passing through the land to bury with the passengers those that remain upon the face of the earth, to cleanse it: after the end of seven months shall they search.
Ezekiel 39:24	According to their uncleanness and according to their transgressions have I done unto them, and hid my face from them.
Ezekiel 40:5	And behold a wall on the outside of the house round about, and in the man's hand a measuring reed of six cubits long by the cubit and an hand breadth: so he measured the breadth of the building, one reed; and the height, one reed.
Ezekiel 40:15	And from the face of the gate of the entrance unto the face of the porch of the inner gate were fifty cubits.
Ezekiel 40:25	And there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about, like those windows: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits.
Ezekiel 40:35	And he brought me to the north gate, and measured it according to these measures;
Ezekiel 40:45	And he said unto me, This chamber, whose prospect is toward the south, is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the house.
Ezekiel 41:6	And the side chambers were three, one over another, and thirty in order; and they entered into the wall which was of the house for the side chambers round about, that they might have hold, but they had not hold in the wall of the house.
Ezekiel 41:16	The door posts, and the narrow windows, and the galleries round about on their three stories, over against the door, cieled with wood round about, and from the ground up to the windows, and the windows were covered;
Ezekiel 41:26	And there were narrow windows and palm trees on the one side and on the other side, on the sides of the porch, and upon the side chambers of the house, and thick planks.
Ezekiel 42:10	The chambers were in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east, over against the separate place, and over against the building.
Ezekiel 42:20	He measured it by the four sides: it had a wall round about, five hundred reeds long, and five hundred broad, to make a separation between the sanctuary and the profane place.
Ezekiel 43:10	Thou son of man, shew the house to the house of Israel, that they may be ashamed of their iniquities: and let them measure the pattern.
Ezekiel 43:20	And thou shalt take of the blood thereof, and put it on the four horns of it, and on the four corners of the settle, and upon the border round about: thus shalt thou cleanse and purge it.
Ezekiel 44:3	It is for the prince; the prince, he shall sit in it to eat bread before the LORD; he shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate, and shall go out by the way of the same.
Ezekiel 44:13	And they shall not come near unto me, to do the office of a priest unto me, nor to come near to any of my holy things, in the most holy place: but they shall bear their shame, and their abominations which they have committed.
Ezekiel 44:23	And they shall teach my people the difference between the holy and profane, and cause them to discern between the unclean and the clean.
Ezekiel 45:2	Of this there shall be for the sanctuary five hundred in length, with five hundred in breadth, square round about; and fifty cubits round about for the suburbs thereof.
Ezekiel 45:12	And the shekel shall be twenty gerahs: twenty shekels, five and twenty shekels, fifteen shekels, shall be your maneh.
Ezekiel 45:22	And upon that day shall the prince prepare for himself and for all the people of the land a bullock for a sin offering.
Ezekiel 46:7	And he shall prepare a meat offering, an ephah for a bullock, and an ephah for a ram, and for the lambs according as his hand shall attain unto, and an hin of oil to an ephah.
Ezekiel 46:17	But if he give a gift of his inheritance to one of his servants, then it shall be his to the year of liberty; after it shall return to the prince: but his inheritance shall be his sons' for them.
Ezekiel 47:3	And when the man that had the line in his hand went forth eastward, he measured a thousand cubits, and he brought me through the waters; the waters were to the ankles.
Ezekiel 47:13	Thus saith the Lord GOD; This shall be the border, whereby ye shall inherit the land according to the twelve tribes of Israel: Joseph shall have two portions.
Ezekiel 47:23	And it shall come to pass, that in what tribe the stranger sojourneth, there shall ye give him his inheritance, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 48:10	And for them, even for the priests, shall be this holy oblation; toward the north five and twenty thousand in length, and toward the west ten thousand in breadth, and toward the east ten thousand in breadth, and toward the south five and twenty thousand in length: and the sanctuary of the LORD shall be in the midst thereof.
Ezekiel 48:20	All the oblation shall be five and twenty thousand by five and twenty thousand: ye shall offer the holy oblation foursquare, with the possession of the city.
Ezekiel 48:30	And these are the goings out of the city on the north side, four thousand and five hundred measures.
Daniel 1:5	And the king appointed them a daily provision of the king's meat, and of the wine which he drank: so nourishing them three years, that at the end thereof they might stand before the king.
Daniel 1:15	And at the end of ten days their countenances appeared fairer and fatter in flesh than all the children which did eat the portion of the king's meat.
Daniel 2:4	Then spake the Chaldeans to the king in Syriack, O king, live for ever: tell thy servants the dream, and we will shew the interpretation.
Daniel 2:14	Then Daniel answered with counsel and wisdom to Arioch the captain of the king's guard, which was gone forth to slay the wise men of Babylon:
Daniel 2:24	Therefore Daniel went in unto Arioch, whom the king had ordained to destroy the wise men of Babylon: he went and said thus unto him; Destroy not the wise men of Babylon: bring me in before the king, and I will shew unto the king the interpretation.
Daniel 2:34	Thou sawest till that a stone was cut out without hands, which smote the image upon his feet that were of iron and clay, and brake them to pieces.
Daniel 2:44	And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand for ever.
Daniel 3:5	That at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up:
Daniel 3:15	Now if ye be ready that at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the image which I have made; well: but if ye worship not, ye shall be cast the same hour into the midst of a burning fiery furnace; and who is that God that shall deliver you out of my hands?
Daniel 3:25	He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God.
Daniel 4:5	I saw a dream which made me afraid, and the thoughts upon my bed and the visions of my head troubled me.
Daniel 4:15	Nevertheless leave the stump of his roots in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts in the grass of the earth:
Daniel 4:25	That they shall drive thee from men, and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field, and they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen, and they shall wet thee with the dew of heaven, and seven times shall pass over thee, till thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will.
Daniel 4:35	And all the inhabitants of the earth are reputed as nothing: and he doeth according to his will in the army of heaven, and among the inhabitants of the earth: and none can stay his hand, or say unto him, What doest thou?
Daniel 5:8	Then came in all the king's wise men: but they could not read the writing, nor make known to the king the interpretation thereof.
Daniel 5:18	O thou king, the most high God gave Nebuchadnezzar thy father a kingdom, and majesty, and glory, and honour:
Daniel 5:28	PERES; Thy kingdom is divided, and given to the Medes and Persians.
Daniel 6:7	All the presidents of the kingdom, the governors, and the princes, the counsellors, and the captains, have consulted together to establish a royal statute, and to make a firm decree, that whosoever shall ask a petition of any God or man for thirty days, save of thee, O king, he shall be cast into the den of lions.
Daniel 6:17	And a stone was brought, and laid upon the mouth of the den; and the king sealed it with his own signet, and with the signet of his lords; that the purpose might not be changed concerning Daniel.
Daniel 6:27	He delivereth and rescueth, and he worketh signs and wonders in heaven and in earth, who hath delivered Daniel from the power of the lions.
Daniel 7:9	I beheld till the thrones were cast down, and the Ancient of days did sit, whose garment was white as snow, and the hair of his head like the pure wool: his throne was like the fiery flame, and his wheels as burning fire.
Daniel 7:19	Then I would know the truth of the fourth beast, which was diverse from all the others, exceeding dreadful, whose teeth were of iron, and his nails of brass; which devoured, brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with his feet;
Daniel 8:1	In the third year of the reign of king Belshazzar a vision appeared unto me, even unto me Daniel, after that which appeared unto me at the first.
Daniel 8:11	Yea, he magnified himself even to the prince of the host, and by him the daily sacrifice was taken away, and the place of the sanctuary was cast down.
Daniel 8:21	And the rough goat is the king of Grecia: and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king.
Daniel 9:4	And I prayed unto the LORD my God, and made my confession, and said, O Lord, the great and dreadful God, keeping the covenant and mercy to them that love him, and to them that keep his commandments;
Daniel 9:14	Therefore hath the LORD watched upon the evil, and brought it upon us: for the LORD our God is righteous in all his works which he doeth: for we obeyed not his voice.
Daniel 9:24	Seventy weeks are determined upon thy people and upon thy holy city, to finish the transgression, and to make an end of sins, and to make reconciliation for iniquity, and to bring in everlasting righteousness, and to seal up the vision and prophecy, and to anoint the most Holy.
Daniel 10:7	And I Daniel alone saw the vision: for the men that were with me saw not the vision; but a great quaking fell upon them, so that they fled to hide themselves.
Daniel 10:17	For how can the servant of this my lord talk with this my lord? for as for me, straightway there remained no strength in me, neither is there breath left in me.
Daniel 11:6	And in the end of years they shall join themselves together; for the king's daughter of the south shall come to the king of the north to make an agreement: but she shall not retain the power of the arm; neither shall he stand, nor his arm: but she shall be given up, and they that brought her, and he that begat her, and he that strengthened her in these times.
Daniel 11:16	But he that cometh against him shall do according to his own will, and none shall stand before him: and he shall stand in the glorious land, which by his hand shall be consumed.
Daniel 11:26	Yea, they that feed of the portion of his meat shall destroy him, and his army shall overflow: and many shall fall down slain.
Daniel 11:36	And the king shall do according to his will; and he shall exalt himself, and magnify himself above every god, and shall speak marvellous things against the God of gods, and shall prosper till the indignation be accomplished: for that that is determined shall be done.
Daniel 12:1	And at that time shall Michael stand up, the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people: and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time: and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book.
Daniel 12:11	And from the time that the daily sacrifice shall be taken away, and the abomination that maketh desolate set up, there shall be a thousand two hundred and ninety days.
Hosea 1:8	Now when she had weaned Loruhamah, she conceived, and bare a son.
Hosea 2:7	And she shall follow after her lovers, but she shall not overtake them; and she shall seek them, but shall not find them: then shall she say, I will go and return to my first husband; for then was it better with me than now.
Hosea 2:17	For I will take away the names of Baalim out of her mouth, and they shall no more be remembered by their name.
Hosea 3:4	For the children of Israel shall abide many days without a king, and without a prince, and without a sacrifice, and without an image, and without an ephod, and without teraphim:
Hosea 4:9	And there shall be, like people, like priest: and I will punish them for their ways, and reward them their doings.
Hosea 4:19	The wind hath bound her up in her wings, and they shall be ashamed because of their sacrifices.
Hosea 5:10	The princes of Judah were like them that remove the bound: therefore I will pour out my wrath upon them like water.
Hosea 6:5	Therefore have I hewed them by the prophets; I have slain them by the words of my mouth: and thy judgments are as the light that goeth forth.
Hosea 7:4	They are all adulterers, as an oven heated by the baker, who ceaseth from raising after he hath kneaded the dough, until it be leavened.
Hosea 7:14	And they have not cried unto me with their heart, when they howled upon their beds: they assemble themselves for corn and wine, and they rebel against me.
Hosea 8:8	Israel is swallowed up: now shall they be among the Gentiles as a vessel wherein is no pleasure.
Hosea 9:4	They shall not offer wine offerings to the LORD, neither shall they be pleasing unto him: their sacrifices shall be unto them as the bread of mourners; all that eat thereof shall be polluted: for their bread for their soul shall not come into the house of the LORD.
Hosea 9:14	Give them, O LORD: what wilt thou give? give them a miscarrying womb and dry breasts.
Hosea 10:7	As for Samaria, her king is cut off as the foam upon the water.
Hosea 11:2	As they called them, so they went from them: they sacrificed unto Baalim, and burned incense to graven images.
Hosea 11:12	Ephraim compasseth me about with lies, and the house of Israel with deceit: but Judah yet ruleth with God, and is faithful with the saints.
Hosea 12:10	I have also spoken by the prophets, and I have multiplied visions, and used similitudes, by the ministry of the prophets.
Hosea 13:6	According to their pasture, so were they filled; they were filled, and their heart was exalted; therefore have they forgotten me.
Hosea 13:16	Samaria shall become desolate; for she hath rebelled against her God: they shall fall by the sword: their infants shall be dashed in pieces, and their women with child shall be ripped up.
Joel 1:1	The word of the LORD that came to Joel the son of Pethuel.
Joel 1:11	Be ye ashamed, O ye husbandmen; howl, O ye vinedressers, for the wheat and for the barley; because the harvest of the field is perished.
Joel 2:1	Blow ye the trumpet in Zion, and sound an alarm in my holy mountain: let all the inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of the LORD cometh, for it is nigh at hand;
Joel 2:11	And the LORD shall utter his voice before his army: for his camp is very great: for he is strong that executeth his word: for the day of the LORD is great and very terrible; and who can abide it?
Joel 2:21	Fear not, O land; be glad and rejoice: for the LORD will do great things.
Joel 2:31	The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and terrible day of the LORD come.
Joel 3:9	Proclaim ye this among the Gentiles; Prepare war, wake up the mighty men, let all the men of war draw near; let them come up:
Joel 3:19	Egypt shall be a desolation, and Edom shall be a desolate wilderness, for the violence against the children of Judah, because they have shed innocent blood in their land.
Amos 1:8	And I will cut off the inhabitant from Ashdod, and him that holdeth the sceptre from Ashkelon, and I will turn mine hand against Ekron: and the remnant of the Philistines shall perish, saith the Lord GOD.
Amos 2:3	And I will cut off the judge from the midst thereof, and will slay all the princes thereof with him, saith the LORD.
Amos 2:13	Behold, I am pressed under you, as a cart is pressed that is full of sheaves.
Amos 3:7	Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.
Amos 4:2	The Lord GOD hath sworn by his holiness, that, lo, the days shall come upon you, that he will take you away with hooks, and your posterity with fishhooks.
Amos 4:12	Therefore thus will I do unto thee, O Israel: and because I will do this unto thee, prepare to meet thy God, O Israel.
Amos 5:9	That strengtheneth the spoiled against the strong, so that the spoiled shall come against the fortress.
Amos 5:19	As if a man did flee from a lion, and a bear met him; or went into the house, and leaned his hand on the wall, and a serpent bit him.
Amos 6:2	Pass ye unto Calneh, and see; and from thence go ye to Hamath the great: then go down to Gath of the Philistines: be they better than these kingdoms? or their border greater than your border?
Amos 6:12	Shall horses run upon the rock? will one plow there with oxen? for ye have turned judgment into gall, and the fruit of righteousness into hemlock:
Amos 7:8	And the LORD said unto me, Amos, what seest thou? And I said, A plumbline. Then said the LORD, Behold, I will set a plumbline in the midst of my people Israel: I will not again pass by them any more:
Amos 8:1	Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me: and behold a basket of summer fruit.
Amos 8:11	Behold, the days come, saith the Lord GOD, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the LORD:
Amos 9:7	Are ye not as children of the Ethiopians unto me, O children of Israel? saith the LORD. Have not I brought up Israel out of the land of Egypt? and the Philistines from Caphtor, and the Syrians from Kir?
Obadiah 1:2	Behold, I have made thee small among the heathen: thou art greatly despised.
Obadiah 1:12	But thou shouldest not have looked on the day of thy brother in the day that he became a stranger; neither shouldest thou have rejoiced over the children of Judah in the day of their destruction; neither shouldest thou have spoken proudly in the day of distress.
Jonah 1:1	Now the word of the LORD came unto Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,
Jonah 1:11	Then said they unto him, What shall we do unto thee, that the sea may be calm unto us? for the sea wrought, and was tempestuous.
Jonah 2:4	Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple.
Jonah 3:4	And Jonah began to enter into the city a day's journey, and he cried, and said, Yet forty days, and Nineveh shall be overthrown.
Jonah 4:4	Then said the LORD, Doest thou well to be angry?
Micah 1:3	For, behold, the LORD cometh forth out of his place, and will come down, and tread upon the high places of the earth.
Micah 1:13	O thou inhabitant of Lachish, bind the chariot to the swift beast: she is the beginning of the sin to the daughter of Zion: for the transgressions of Israel were found in thee.
Micah 2:7	O thou that art named the house of Jacob, is the spirit of the LORD straitened? are these his doings? do not my words do good to him that walketh uprightly?
Micah 3:4	Then shall they cry unto the LORD, but he will not hear them: he will even hide his face from them at that time, as they have behaved themselves ill in their doings.
Micah 4:2	And many nations shall come, and say, Come, and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD, and to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for the law shall go forth of Zion, and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem.
Micah 4:12	But they know not the thoughts of the LORD, neither understand they his counsel: for he shall gather them as the sheaves into the floor.
Micah 5:9	Thine hand shall be lifted up upon thine adversaries, and all thine enemies shall be cut off.
Micah 6:4	For I brought thee up out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed thee out of the house of servants; and I sent before thee Moses, Aaron, and Miriam.
Micah 6:14	Thou shalt eat, but not be satisfied; and thy casting down shall be in the midst of thee; and thou shalt take hold, but shalt not deliver; and that which thou deliverest will I give up to the sword.
Micah 7:8	Rejoice not against me, O mine enemy: when I fall, I shall arise; when I sit in darkness, the LORD shall be a light unto me.
Micah 7:18	Who is a God like unto thee, that pardoneth iniquity, and passeth by the transgression of the remnant of his heritage? he retaineth not his anger for ever, because he delighteth in mercy.
Nahum 1:8	But with an overrunning flood he will make an utter end of the place thereof, and darkness shall pursue his enemies.
Nahum 2:3	The shield of his mighty men is made red, the valiant men are in scarlet: the chariots shall be with flaming torches in the day of his preparation, and the fir trees shall be terribly shaken.
Nahum 2:13	Behold, I am against thee, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will burn her chariots in the smoke, and the sword shall devour thy young lions: and I will cut off thy prey from the earth, and the voice of thy messengers shall no more be heard.
Nahum 3:10	Yet was she carried away, she went into captivity: her young children also were dashed in pieces at the top of all the streets: and they cast lots for her honourable men, and all her great men were bound in chains.
Habakkuk 1:1	The burden which Habakkuk the prophet did see.
Habakkuk 1:11	Then shall his mind change, and he shall pass over, and offend, imputing this his power unto his god.
Habakkuk 2:4	Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him: but the just shall live by his faith.
Habakkuk 2:14	For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea.
Habakkuk 3:4	And his brightness was as the light; he had horns coming out of his hand: and there was the hiding of his power.
Habakkuk 3:14	Thou didst strike through with his staves the head of his villages: they came out as a whirlwind to scatter me: their rejoicing was as to devour the poor secretly.
Zephaniah 1:5	And them that worship the host of heaven upon the housetops; and them that worship and that swear by the LORD, and that swear by Malcham;
Zephaniah 1:15	That day is a day of wrath, a day of trouble and distress, a day of wasteness and desolation, a day of darkness and gloominess, a day of clouds and thick darkness,
Zephaniah 2:7	And the coast shall be for the remnant of the house of Judah; they shall feed thereupon: in the houses of Ashkelon shall they lie down in the evening: for the LORD their God shall visit them, and turn away their captivity.
Zephaniah 3:2	She obeyed not the voice; she received not correction; she trusted not in the LORD; she drew not near to her God.
Zephaniah 3:12	I will also leave in the midst of thee an afflicted and poor people, and they shall trust in the name of the LORD.
Haggai 1:2	Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, saying, This people say, The time is not come, the time that the LORD's house should be built.
Haggai 1:12	Then Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, with all the remnant of the people, obeyed the voice of the LORD their God, and the words of Haggai the prophet, as the LORD their God had sent him, and the people did fear before the LORD.
Haggai 2:7	And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come: and I will fill this house with glory, saith the LORD of hosts.
Haggai 2:17	I smote you with blasting and with mildew and with hail in all the labours of your hands; yet ye turned not to me, saith the LORD.
Zechariah 1:4	Be ye not as your fathers, unto whom the former prophets have cried, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Turn ye now from your evil ways, and from your evil doings: but they did not hear, nor hearken unto me, saith the LORD.
Zechariah 1:14	So the angel that communed with me said unto me, Cry thou, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; I am jealous for Jerusalem and for Zion with a great jealousy.
Zechariah 2:3	And, behold, the angel that talked with me went forth, and another angel went out to meet him,
Zechariah 2:13	Be silent, O all flesh, before the LORD: for he is raised up out of his holy habitation.
Zechariah 3:10	In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, shall ye call every man his neighbour under the vine and under the fig tree.
Zechariah 4:10	For who hath despised the day of small things? for they shall rejoice, and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubbabel with those seven; they are the eyes of the LORD, which run to and fro through the whole earth.
Zechariah 5:6	And I said, What is it? And he said, This is an ephah that goeth forth. He said moreover, This is their resemblance through all the earth.
Zechariah 6:5	And the angel answered and said unto me, These are the four spirits of the heavens, which go forth from standing before the LORD of all the earth.
Zechariah 6:15	And they that are far off shall come and build in the temple of the LORD, and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you. And this shall come to pass, if ye will diligently obey the voice of the LORD your God.
Zechariah 7:10	And oppress not the widow, nor the fatherless, the stranger, nor the poor; and let none of you imagine evil against his brother in your heart.
Zechariah 8:6	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; If it be marvellous in the eyes of the remnant of this people in these days, should it also be marvellous in mine eyes? saith the LORD of hosts.
Zechariah 8:16	These are the things that ye shall do; Speak ye every man the truth to his neighbour; execute the judgment of truth and peace in your gates:
Zechariah 9:3	And Tyrus did build herself a strong hold, and heaped up silver as the dust, and fine gold as the mire of the streets.
Zechariah 9:13	When I have bent Judah for me, filled the bow with Ephraim, and raised up thy sons, O Zion, against thy sons, O Greece, and made thee as the sword of a mighty man.
Zechariah 10:6	And I will strengthen the house of Judah, and I will save the house of Joseph, and I will bring them again to place them; for I have mercy upon them: and they shall be as though I had not cast them off: for I am the LORD their God, and will hear them.
Zechariah 11:4	Thus saith the LORD my God; Feed the flock of the slaughter;
Zechariah 11:14	Then I cut asunder mine other staff, even Bands, that I might break the brotherhood between Judah and Israel.
Zechariah 12:7	The LORD also shall save the tents of Judah first, that the glory of the house of David and the glory of the inhabitants of Jerusalem do not magnify themselves against Judah.
Zechariah 13:3	And it shall come to pass, that when any shall yet prophesy, then his father and his mother that begat him shall say unto him, Thou shalt not live; for thou speakest lies in the name of the LORD: and his father and his mother that begat him shall thrust him through when he prophesieth.
Zechariah 14:4	And his feet shall stand in that day upon the mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east, and the mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west, and there shall be a very great valley; and half of the mountain shall remove toward the north, and half of it toward the south.
Zechariah 14:14	And Judah also shall fight at Jerusalem; and the wealth of all the heathen round about shall be gathered together, gold, and silver, and apparel, in great abundance.
Malachi 1:3	And I hated Esau, and laid his mountains and his heritage waste for the dragons of the wilderness.
Malachi 1:13	Ye said also, Behold, what a weariness is it! and ye have snuffed at it, saith the LORD of hosts; and ye brought that which was torn, and the lame, and the sick; thus ye brought an offering: should I accept this of your hand? saith the LORD.
Malachi 2:9	Therefore have I also made you contemptible and base before all the people, according as ye have not kept my ways, but have been partial in the law.
Malachi 3:2	But who may abide the day of his coming? and who shall stand when he appeareth? for he is like a refiner's fire, and like fullers' soap:
Malachi 3:12	And all nations shall call you blessed: for ye shall be a delightsome land, saith the LORD of hosts.
Malachi 4:4	Remember ye the law of Moses my servant, which I commanded unto him in Horeb for all Israel, with the statutes and judgments.
Matthew 1:8	And Asa begat Josaphat; and Josaphat begat Joram; and Joram begat Ozias;
Matthew 1:18	Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wise: When as his mother Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy Ghost.
Matthew 2:3	When Herod the king had heard these things, he was troubled, and all Jerusalem with him.
Matthew 2:13	And when they were departed, behold, the angel of the Lord appeareth to Joseph in a dream, saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and be thou there until I bring thee word: for Herod will seek the young child to destroy him.
Matthew 2:23	And he came and dwelt in a city called Nazareth: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets, He shall be called a Nazarene.
Matthew 3:10	And now also the axe is laid unto the root of the trees: therefore every tree which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.
Matthew 4:3	And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread.
Matthew 4:13	And leaving Nazareth, he came and dwelt in Capernaum, which is upon the sea coast, in the borders of Zabulon and Nephthalim:
Matthew 4:23	And Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people.
Matthew 5:8	Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God.
Matthew 5:18	For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.
Matthew 5:28	But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.
Matthew 5:38	Ye have heard that it hath been said, An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth:
Matthew 5:48	Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect.
Matthew 6:10	Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven.
Matthew 6:20	But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through nor steal:
Matthew 6:30	Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which to day is, and to morrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, O ye of little faith?
Matthew 7:6	Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you.
Matthew 7:16	Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?
Matthew 7:26	And every one that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand:
Matthew 8:7	And Jesus saith unto him, I will come and heal him.
Matthew 8:17	That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying, Himself took our infirmities, and bare our sicknesses.
Matthew 8:27	But the men marvelled, saying, What manner of man is this, that even the winds and the sea obey him!
Matthew 9:3	And, behold, certain of the scribes said within themselves, This man blasphemeth.
Matthew 9:13	But go ye and learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Matthew 9:23	And when Jesus came into the ruler's house, and saw the minstrels and the people making a noise,
Matthew 9:33	And when the devil was cast out, the dumb spake: and the multitudes marvelled, saying, It was never so seen in Israel.
Matthew 10:5	These twelve Jesus sent forth, and commanded them, saying, Go not into the way of the Gentiles, and into any city of the Samaritans enter ye not:
Matthew 10:15	Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city.
Matthew 10:25	It is enough for the disciple that he be as his master, and the servant as his lord. If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more shall they call them of his household?
Matthew 10:35	For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law.
Matthew 11:3	And said unto him, Art thou he that should come, or do we look for another?
Matthew 11:13	For all the prophets and the law prophesied until John.
Matthew 11:23	And thou, Capernaum, which art exalted unto heaven, shalt be brought down to hell: for if the mighty works, which have been done in thee, had been done in Sodom, it would have remained until this day.
Matthew 12:3	But he said unto them, Have ye not read what David did, when he was an hungred, and they that were with him;
Matthew 12:13	Then saith he to the man, Stretch forth thine hand. And he stretched it forth; and it was restored whole, like as the other.
Matthew 12:23	And all the people were amazed, and said, Is not this the son of David?
Matthew 12:33	Either make the tree good, and his fruit good; or else make the tree corrupt, and his fruit corrupt: for the tree is known by his fruit.
Matthew 12:43	When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest, and findeth none.
Matthew 13:3	And he spake many things unto them in parables, saying, Behold, a sower went forth to sow;
Matthew 13:13	Therefore speak I to them in parables: because they seeing see not; and hearing they hear not, neither do they understand.
Matthew 13:23	But he that received seed into the good ground is he that heareth the word, and understandeth it; which also beareth fruit, and bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty.
Matthew 13:33	Another parable spake he unto them; The kingdom of heaven is like unto leaven, which a woman took, and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened.
Matthew 13:43	Then shall the righteous shine forth as the sun in the kingdom of their Father. Who hath ears to hear, let him hear.
Matthew 13:53	And it came to pass, that when Jesus had finished these parables, he departed thence.
Matthew 14:5	And when he would have put him to death, he feared the multitude, because they counted him as a prophet.
Matthew 14:15	And when it was evening, his disciples came to him, saying, This is a desert place, and the time is now past; send the multitude away, that they may go into the villages, and buy themselves victuals.
Matthew 14:25	And in the fourth watch of the night Jesus went unto them, walking on the sea.
Matthew 14:35	And when the men of that place had knowledge of him, they sent out into all that country round about, and brought unto him all that were diseased;
Matthew 15:9	But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.
Matthew 15:19	For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies:
Matthew 15:29	And Jesus departed from thence, and came nigh unto the sea of Galilee; and went up into a mountain, and sat down there.
Matthew 15:39	And he sent away the multitude, and took ship, and came into the coasts of Magdala.
Matthew 16:10	Neither the seven loaves of the four thousand, and how many baskets ye took up?
Matthew 16:20	Then charged he his disciples that they should tell no man that he was Jesus the Christ.
Matthew 17:2	And was transfigured before them: and his face did shine as the sun, and his raiment was white as the light.
Matthew 17:12	But I say unto you, That Elias is come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the Son of man suffer of them.
Matthew 17:22	And while they abode in Galilee, Jesus said unto them, The Son of man shall be betrayed into the hands of men:
Matthew 18:5	And whoso shall receive one such little child in my name receiveth me.
Matthew 18:15	Moreover if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone: if he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother.
Matthew 18:25	But forasmuch as he had not to pay, his lord commanded him to be sold, and his wife, and children, and all that he had, and payment to be made.
Matthew 18:35	So likewise shall my heavenly Father do also unto you, if ye from your hearts forgive not every one his brother their trespasses.
Matthew 19:10	His disciples say unto him, If the case of the man be so with his wife, it is not good to marry.
Matthew 19:20	The young man saith unto him, All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet?
Matthew 19:30	But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first.
Matthew 20:10	But when the first came, they supposed that they should have received more; and they likewise received every man a penny.
Matthew 20:20	Then came to him the mother of Zebedees children with her sons, worshipping him, and desiring a certain thing of him.
Matthew 20:30	And, behold, two blind men sitting by the way side, when they heard that Jesus passed by, cried out, saying, Have mercy on us, O Lord, thou son of David.
Matthew 21:6	And the disciples went, and did as Jesus commanded them,
Matthew 21:16	And said unto him, Hearest thou what these say? And Jesus saith unto them, Yea; have ye never read, Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings thou hast perfected praise?
Matthew 21:26	But if we shall say, Of men; we fear the people; for all hold John as a prophet.
Matthew 21:36	Again, he sent other servants more than the first: and they did unto them likewise.
Matthew 21:46	But when they sought to lay hands on him, they feared the multitude, because they took him for a prophet.
Matthew 22:10	So those servants went out into the highways, and gathered together all as many as they found, both bad and good: and the wedding was furnished with guests.
Matthew 22:20	And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription?
Matthew 22:30	For in the resurrection they neither marry, nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven.
Matthew 22:40	On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets.
Matthew 23:4	For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers.
Matthew 23:14	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayer: therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation.
Matthew 23:24	Ye blind guides, which strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel.
Matthew 23:34	Wherefore, behold, I send unto you prophets, and wise men, and scribes: and some of them ye shall kill and crucify; and some of them shall ye scourge in your synagogues, and persecute them from city to city:
Matthew 24:5	For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many.
Matthew 24:15	When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:)
Matthew 24:25	Behold, I have told you before.
Matthew 24:35	Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.
Matthew 24:45	Who then is a faithful and wise servant, whom his lord hath made ruler over his household, to give them meat in due season?
Matthew 25:4	But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps.
Matthew 25:14	For the kingdom of heaven is as a man travelling into a far country, who called his own servants, and delivered unto them his goods.
Matthew 25:24	Then he which had received the one talent came and said, Lord, I knew thee that thou art an hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown, and gathering where thou hast not strawed:
Matthew 25:34	Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world:
Matthew 25:44	Then shall they also answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, or naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister unto thee?
Matthew 26:8	But when his disciples saw it, they had indignation, saying, To what purpose is this waste?
Matthew 26:18	And he said, Go into the city to such a man, and say unto him, The Master saith, My time is at hand; I will keep the passover at thy house with my disciples.
Matthew 26:28	For this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many for the remission of sins.
Matthew 26:38	Then saith he unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death: tarry ye here, and watch with me.
Matthew 26:48	Now he that betrayed him gave them a sign, saying, Whomsoever I shall kiss, that same is he: hold him fast.
Matthew 26:58	But Peter followed him afar off unto the high priest's palace, and went in, and sat with the servants, to see the end.
Matthew 26:68	Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee?
Matthew 27:3	Then Judas, which had betrayed him, when he saw that he was condemned, repented himself, and brought again the thirty pieces of silver to the chief priests and elders,
Matthew 27:13	Then said Pilate unto him, Hearest thou not how many things they witness against thee?
Matthew 27:23	And the governor said, Why, what evil hath he done? But they cried out the more, saying, Let him be crucified.
Matthew 27:33	And when they were come unto a place called Golgotha, that is to say, a place of a skull,
Matthew 27:43	He trusted in God; let him deliver him now, if he will have him: for he said, I am the Son of God.
Matthew 27:53	And came out of the graves after his resurrection, and went into the holy city, and appeared unto many.
Matthew 27:63	Saying, Sir, we remember that that deceiver said, while he was yet alive, After three days I will rise again.
Matthew 28:7	And go quickly, and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye see him: lo, I have told you.
Matthew 28:17	And when they saw him, they worshipped him: but some doubted.
Mark 1:7	And preached, saying, There cometh one mightier than I after me, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to stoop down and unloose.
Mark 1:17	And Jesus said unto them, Come ye after me, and I will make you to become fishers of men.
Mark 1:27	And they were all amazed, insomuch that they questioned among themselves, saying, What thing is this? what new doctrine is this? for with authority commandeth he even the unclean spirits, and they do obey him.
Mark 1:37	And when they had found him, they said unto him, All men seek for thee.
Mark 2:2	And straightway many were gathered together, insomuch that there was no room to receive them, no, not so much as about the door: and he preached the word unto them.
Mark 2:12	And immediately he arose, took up the bed, and went forth before them all; insomuch that they were all amazed, and glorified God, saying, We never saw it on this fashion.
Mark 2:22	And no man putteth new wine into old bottles: else the new wine doth burst the bottles, and the wine is spilled, and the bottles will be marred: but new wine must be put into new bottles.
Mark 3:4	And he saith unto them, Is it lawful to do good on the sabbath days, or to do evil? to save life, or to kill? But they held their peace.
Mark 3:14	And he ordained twelve, that they should be with him, and that he might send them forth to preach,
Mark 3:24	And if a kingdom be divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand.
Mark 3:34	And he looked round about on them which sat about him, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren!
Mark 4:9	And he said unto them, He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
Mark 4:19	And the cares of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches, and the lusts of other things entering in, choke the word, and it becometh unfruitful.
Mark 4:29	But when the fruit is brought forth, immediately he putteth in the sickle, because the harvest is come.
Mark 4:39	And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, Peace, be still. And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm.
Mark 5:8	For he said unto him, Come out of the man, thou unclean spirit.
Mark 5:18	And when he was come into the ship, he that had been possessed with the devil prayed him that he might be with him.
Mark 5:28	For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.
Mark 5:38	And he cometh to the house of the ruler of the synagogue, and seeth the tumult, and them that wept and wailed greatly.
Mark 6:5	And he could there do no mighty work, save that he laid his hands upon a few sick folk, and healed them.
Mark 6:15	Others said, That it is Elias. And others said, That it is a prophet, or as one of the prophets.
Mark 6:25	And she came in straightway with haste unto the king, and asked, saying, I will that thou give me by and by in a charger the head of John the Baptist.
Mark 6:35	And when the day was now far spent, his disciples came unto him, and said, This is a desert place, and now the time is far passed:
Mark 6:45	And straightway he constrained his disciples to get into the ship, and to go to the other side before unto Bethsaida, while he sent away the people.
Mark 6:55	And ran through that whole region round about, and began to carry about in beds those that were sick, where they heard he was.
Mark 7:9	And he said unto them, Full well ye reject the commandment of God, that ye may keep your own tradition.
Mark 7:19	Because it entereth not into his heart, but into the belly, and goeth out into the draught, purging all meats?
Mark 7:29	And he said unto her, For this saying go thy way; the devil is gone out of thy daughter.
Mark 8:2	I have compassion on the multitude, because they have now been with me three days, and have nothing to eat:
Mark 8:12	And he sighed deeply in his spirit, and saith, Why doth this generation seek after a sign? verily I say unto you, There shall no sign be given unto this generation.
Mark 8:22	And he cometh to Bethsaida; and they bring a blind man unto him, and besought him to touch him.
Mark 8:32	And he spake that saying openly. And Peter took him, and began to rebuke him.
Mark 9:4	And there appeared unto them Elias with Moses: and they were talking with Jesus.
Mark 9:14	And when he came to his disciples, he saw a great multitude about them, and the scribes questioning with them.
Mark 9:24	And straightway the father of the child cried out, and said with tears, Lord, I believe; help thou mine unbelief.
Mark 9:34	But they held their peace: for by the way they had disputed among themselves, who should be the greatest.
Mark 9:44	Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.
Mark 10:4	And they said, Moses suffered to write a bill of divorcement, and to put her away.
Mark 10:14	But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased, and said unto them, Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God.
Mark 10:24	And the disciples were astonished at his words. But Jesus answereth again, and saith unto them, Children, how hard is it for them that trust in riches to enter into the kingdom of God!
Mark 10:34	And they shall mock him, and shall scourge him, and shall spit upon him, and shall kill him: and the third day he shall rise again.
Mark 10:44	And whosoever of you will be the chiefest, shall be servant of all.
Mark 11:2	And saith unto them, Go your way into the village over against you: and as soon as ye be entered into it, ye shall find a colt tied, whereon never man sat; loose him, and bring him.
Mark 11:12	And on the morrow, when they were come from Bethany, he was hungry:
Mark 11:22	And Jesus answering saith unto them, Have faith in God.
Mark 11:32	But if we shall say, Of men; they feared the people: for all men counted John, that he was a prophet indeed.
Mark 12:9	What shall therefore the lord of the vineyard do? he will come and destroy the husbandmen, and will give the vineyard unto others.
Mark 12:19	Master, Moses wrote unto us, If a man's brother die, and leave his wife behind him, and leave no children, that his brother should take his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.
Mark 12:29	And Jesus answered him, The first of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord:
Mark 12:39	And the chief seats in the synagogues, and the uppermost rooms at feasts:
Mark 13:5	And Jesus answering them began to say, Take heed lest any man deceive you:
Mark 13:15	And let him that is on the housetop not go down into the house, neither enter therein, to take any thing out of his house:
Mark 13:25	And the stars of heaven shall fall, and the powers that are in heaven shall be shaken.
Mark 13:35	Watch ye therefore: for ye know not when the master of the house cometh, at even, or at midnight, or at the cockcrowing, or in the morning:
Mark 14:8	She hath done what she could: she is come aforehand to anoint my body to the burying.
Mark 14:18	And as they sat and did eat, Jesus said, Verily I say unto you, One of you which eateth with me shall betray me.
Mark 14:28	But after that I am risen, I will go before you into Galilee.
Mark 14:38	Watch ye and pray, lest ye enter into temptation. The spirit truly is ready, but the flesh is weak.
Mark 14:48	And Jesus answered and said unto them, Are ye come out, as against a thief, with swords and with staves to take me?
Mark 14:58	We heard him say, I will destroy this temple that is made with hands, and within three days I will build another made without hands.
Mark 14:68	But he denied, saying, I know not, neither understand I what thou sayest. And he went out into the porch; and the cock crew.
Mark 15:6	Now at that feast he released unto them one prisoner, whomsoever they desired.
Mark 15:16	And the soldiers led him away into the hall, called Praetorium; and they call together the whole band.
Mark 15:26	And the superscription of his accusation was written over, THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Mark 15:36	And one ran and filled a spunge full of vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink, saying, Let alone; let us see whether Elias will come to take him down.
Mark 15:46	And he bought fine linen, and took him down, and wrapped him in the linen, and laid him in a sepulchre which was hewn out of a rock, and rolled a stone unto the door of the sepulchre.
Mark 16:9	Now when Jesus was risen early the first day of the week, he appeared first to Mary Magdalene, out of whom he had cast seven devils.
Mark 16:19	So then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven, and sat on the right hand of God.
Luke 1:9	According to the custom of the priest's office, his lot was to burn incense when he went into the temple of the Lord.
Luke 1:19	And the angel answering said unto him, I am Gabriel, that stand in the presence of God; and am sent to speak unto thee, and to shew thee these glad tidings.
Luke 1:29	And when she saw him, she was troubled at his saying, and cast in her mind what manner of salutation this should be.
Luke 1:39	And Mary arose in those days, and went into the hill country with haste, into a city of Juda;
Luke 1:49	For he that is mighty hath done to me great things; and holy is his name.
Luke 1:59	And it came to pass, that on the eighth day they came to circumcise the child; and they called him Zacharias, after the name of his father.
Luke 1:69	And hath raised up an horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David;
Luke 1:79	To give light to them that sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, to guide our feet into the way of peace.
Luke 2:9	And, lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were sore afraid.
Luke 2:19	But Mary kept all these things, and pondered them in her heart.
Luke 2:29	Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word:
Luke 2:39	And when they had performed all things according to the law of the Lord, they returned into Galilee, to their own city Nazareth.
Luke 2:49	And he said unto them, How is it that ye sought me? wist ye not that I must be about my Father's business?
Luke 3:7	Then said he to the multitude that came forth to be baptized of him, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?
Luke 3:17	Whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and will gather the wheat into his garner; but the chaff he will burn with fire unquenchable.
Luke 3:27	Which was the son of Joanna, which was the son of Rhesa, which was the son of Zorobabel, which was the son of Salathiel, which was the son of Neri,
Luke 3:37	Which was the son of Mathusala, which was the son of Enoch, which was the son of Jared, which was the son of Maleleel, which was the son of Cainan,
Luke 4:9	And he brought him to Jerusalem, and set him on a pinnacle of the temple, and said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down from hence:
Luke 4:19	To preach the acceptable year of the Lord.
Luke 4:29	And rose up, and thrust him out of the city, and led him unto the brow of the hill whereon their city was built, that they might cast him down headlong.
Luke 4:39	And he stood over her, and rebuked the fever; and it left her: and immediately she arose and ministered unto them.
Luke 5:5	And Simon answering said unto him, Master, we have toiled all the night, and have taken nothing: nevertheless at thy word I will let down the net.
Luke 5:15	But so much the more went there a fame abroad of him: and great multitudes came together to hear, and to be healed by him of their infirmities.
Luke 5:25	And immediately he rose up before them, and took up that whereon he lay, and departed to his own house, glorifying God.
Luke 5:35	But the days will come, when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then shall they fast in those days.
Luke 6:6	And it came to pass also on another sabbath, that he entered into the synagogue and taught: and there was a man whose right hand was withered.
Luke 6:16	And Judas the brother of James, and Judas Iscariot, which also was the traitor.
Luke 6:26	Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you! for so did their fathers to the false prophets.
Luke 6:36	Be ye therefore merciful, as your Father also is merciful.
Luke 6:46	And why call ye me, Lord, Lord, and do not the things which I say?
Luke 7:7	Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee: but say in a word, and my servant shall be healed.
Luke 7:17	And this rumour of him went forth throughout all Judaea, and throughout all the region round about.
Luke 7:27	This is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee.
Luke 7:37	And, behold, a woman in the city, which was a sinner, when she knew that Jesus sat at meat in the Pharisee's house, brought an alabaster box of ointment,
Luke 7:47	Wherefore I say unto thee, Her sins, which are many, are forgiven; for she loved much: but to whom little is forgiven, the same loveth little.
Luke 8:7	And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprang up with it, and choked it.
Luke 8:17	For nothing is secret, that shall not be made manifest; neither any thing hid, that shall not be known and come abroad.
Luke 8:27	And when he went forth to land, there met him out of the city a certain man, which had devils long time, and ware no clothes, neither abode in any house, but in the tombs.
Luke 8:37	Then the whole multitude of the country of the Gadarenes round about besought him to depart from them; for they were taken with great fear: and he went up into the ship, and returned back again.
Luke 8:47	And when the woman saw that she was not hid, she came trembling, and falling down before him, she declared unto him before all the people for what cause she had touched him, and how she was healed immediately.
Luke 9:1	Then he called his twelve disciples together, and gave them power and authority over all devils, and to cure diseases.
Luke 9:11	And the people, when they knew it, followed him: and he received them, and spake unto them of the kingdom of God, and healed them that had need of healing.
Luke 9:21	And he straitly charged them, and commanded them to tell no man that thing;
Luke 9:31	Who appeared in glory, and spake of his decease which he should accomplish at Jerusalem.
Luke 9:41	And Jesus answering said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you, and suffer you? Bring thy son hither.
Luke 9:51	And it came to pass, when the time was come that he should be received up, he stedfastly set his face to go to Jerusalem,
Luke 9:61	And another also said, Lord, I will follow thee; but let me first go bid them farewell, which are at home at my house.
Luke 10:9	And heal the sick that are therein, and say unto them, The kingdom of God is come nigh unto you.
Luke 10:19	Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions, and over all the power of the enemy: and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
Luke 10:29	But he, willing to justify himself, said unto Jesus, And who is my neighbour?
Luke 10:39	And she had a sister called Mary, which also sat at Jesus' feet, and heard his word.
Luke 11:7	And he from within shall answer and say, Trouble me not: the door is now shut, and my children are with me in bed; I cannot rise and give thee.
Luke 11:17	But he, knowing their thoughts, said unto them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and a house divided against a house falleth.
Luke 11:27	And it came to pass, as he spake these things, a certain woman of the company lifted up her voice, and said unto him, Blessed is the womb that bare thee, and the paps which thou hast sucked.
Luke 11:37	And as he spake, a certain Pharisee besought him to dine with him: and he went in, and sat down to meat.
Luke 11:47	Woe unto you! for ye build the sepulchres of the prophets, and your fathers killed them.
Luke 12:3	Therefore whatsoever ye have spoken in darkness shall be heard in the light; and that which ye have spoken in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed upon the housetops.
Luke 12:13	And one of the company said unto him, Master, speak to my brother, that he divide the inheritance with me.
Luke 12:23	The life is more than meat, and the body is more than raiment.
Luke 12:33	Sell that ye have, and give alms; provide yourselves bags which wax not old, a treasure in the heavens that faileth not, where no thief approacheth, neither moth corrupteth.
Luke 12:43	Blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing.
Luke 12:53	The father shall be divided against the son, and the son against the father; the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against the mother; the mother in law against her daughter in law, and the daughter in law against her mother in law.
Luke 13:4	Or those eighteen, upon whom the tower in Siloam fell, and slew them, think ye that they were sinners above all men that dwelt in Jerusalem?
Luke 13:14	And the ruler of the synagogue answered with indignation, because that Jesus had healed on the sabbath day, and said unto the people, There are six days in which men ought to work: in them therefore come and be healed, and not on the sabbath day.
Luke 13:24	Strive to enter in at the strait gate: for many, I say unto you, will seek to enter in, and shall not be able.
Luke 13:34	O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killest the prophets, and stonest them that are sent unto thee; how often would I have gathered thy children together, as a hen doth gather her brood under her wings, and ye would not!
Luke 14:9	And he that bade thee and him come and say to thee, Give this man place; and thou begin with shame to take the lowest room.
Luke 14:19	And another said, I have bought five yoke of oxen, and I go to prove them: I pray thee have me excused.
Luke 14:29	Lest haply, after he hath laid the foundation, and is not able to finish it, all that behold it begin to mock him,
Luke 15:4	What man of you, having an hundred sheep, if he lose one of them, doth not leave the ninety and nine in the wilderness, and go after that which is lost, until he find it?
Luke 15:14	And when he had spent all, there arose a mighty famine in that land; and he began to be in want.
Luke 15:24	For this my son was dead, and is alive again; he was lost, and is found. And they began to be merry.
Luke 16:2	And he called him, and said unto him, How is it that I hear this of thee? give an account of thy stewardship; for thou mayest be no longer steward.
Luke 16:12	And if ye have not been faithful in that which is another man's, who shall give you that which is your own?
Luke 16:22	And it came to pass, that the beggar died, and was carried by the angels into Abraham's bosom: the rich man also died, and was buried;
Luke 17:1	Then said he unto the disciples, It is impossible but that offences will come: but woe unto him, through whom they come!
Luke 17:11	And it came to pass, as he went to Jerusalem, that he passed through the midst of Samaria and Galilee.
Luke 17:21	Neither shall they say, Lo here! or, lo there! for, behold, the kingdom of God is within you.
Luke 17:31	In that day, he which shall be upon the housetop, and his stuff in the house, let him not come down to take it away: and he that is in the field, let him likewise not return back.
Luke 18:4	And he would not for a while: but afterward he said within himself, Though I fear not God, nor regard man;
Luke 18:14	I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.
Luke 18:24	And when Jesus saw that he was very sorrowful, he said, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God!
Luke 18:34	And they understood none of these things: and this saying was hid from them, neither knew they the things which were spoken.
Luke 19:1	And Jesus entered and passed through Jericho.
Luke 19:11	And as they heard these things, he added and spake a parable, because he was nigh to Jerusalem, and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear.
Luke 19:21	For I feared thee, because thou art an austere man: thou takest up that thou layedst not down, and reapest that thou didst not sow.
Luke 19:31	And if any man ask you, Why do ye loose him? thus shall ye say unto him, Because the Lord hath need of him.
Luke 19:41	And when he was come near, he beheld the city, and wept over it,
Luke 20:3	And he answered and said unto them, I will also ask you one thing; and answer me:
Luke 20:13	Then said the lord of the vineyard, What shall I do? I will send my beloved son: it may be they will reverence him when they see him.
Luke 20:23	But he perceived their craftiness, and said unto them, Why tempt ye me?
Luke 20:33	Therefore in the resurrection whose wife of them is she? for seven had her to wife.
Luke 20:43	Till I make thine enemies thy footstool.
Luke 21:6	As for these things which ye behold, the days will come, in the which there shall not be left one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down.
Luke 21:16	And ye shall be betrayed both by parents, and brethren, and kinsfolks, and friends; and some of you shall they cause to be put to death.
Luke 21:26	Men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth: for the powers of heaven shall be shaken.
Luke 21:36	Watch ye therefore, and pray always, that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass, and to stand before the Son of man.
Luke 22:8	And he sent Peter and John, saying, Go and prepare us the passover, that we may eat.
Luke 22:18	For I say unto you, I will not drink of the fruit of the vine, until the kingdom of God shall come.
Luke 22:28	Ye are they which have continued with me in my temptations.
Luke 22:38	And they said, Lord, behold, here are two swords. And he said unto them, It is enough.
Luke 22:48	But Jesus said unto him, Judas, betrayest thou the Son of man with a kiss?
Luke 22:58	And after a little while another saw him, and said, Thou art also of them. And Peter said, Man, I am not.
Luke 22:68	And if I also ask you, ye will not answer me, nor let me go.
Luke 23:7	And as soon as he knew that he belonged unto Herod's jurisdiction, he sent him to Herod, who himself also was at Jerusalem at that time.
Luke 23:17	(For of necessity he must release one unto them at the feast.)
Luke 23:27	And there followed him a great company of people, and of women, which also bewailed and lamented him.
Luke 23:37	And saying, If thou be the king of the Jews, save thyself.
Luke 23:47	Now when the centurion saw what was done, he glorified God, saying, Certainly this was a righteous man.
Luke 24:1	Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulchre, bringing the spices which they had prepared, and certain others with them.
Luke 24:11	And their words seemed to them as idle tales, and they believed them not.
Luke 24:21	But we trusted that it had been he which should have redeemed Israel: and beside all this, to day is the third day since these things were done.
Luke 24:31	And their eyes were opened, and they knew him; and he vanished out of their sight.
Luke 24:41	And while they yet believed not for joy, and wondered, he said unto them, Have ye here any meat?
Luke 24:51	And it came to pass, while he blessed them, he was parted from them, and carried up into heaven.
John 1:8	He was not that Light, but was sent to bear witness of that Light.
John 1:18	No man hath seen God at any time, the only begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him.
John 1:28	These things were done in Bethabara beyond Jordan, where John was baptizing.
John 1:38	Then Jesus turned, and saw them following, and saith unto them, What seek ye? They said unto him, Rabbi, (which is to say, being interpreted, Master,) where dwellest thou?
John 1:48	Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee.
John 2:7	Jesus saith unto them, Fill the waterpots with water. And they filled them up to the brim.
John 2:17	And his disciples remembered that it was written, The zeal of thine house hath eaten me up.
John 3:2	The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him.
John 3:12	If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?
John 3:22	After these things came Jesus and his disciples into the land of Judaea; and there he tarried with them, and baptized.
John 3:32	And what he hath seen and heard, that he testifieth; and no man receiveth his testimony.
John 4:6	Now Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefore, being wearied with his journey, sat thus on the well: and it was about the sixth hour.
John 4:16	Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither.
John 4:26	Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he.
John 4:36	And he that reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth fruit unto life eternal: that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together.
John 4:46	So Jesus came again into Cana of Galilee, where he made the water wine. And there was a certain nobleman, whose son was sick at Capernaum.
John 5:2	Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches.
John 5:12	Then asked they him, What man is that which said unto thee, Take up thy bed, and walk?
John 5:22	For the Father judgeth no man, but hath committed all judgment unto the Son:
John 5:32	There is another that beareth witness of me; and I know that the witness which he witnesseth of me is true.
John 5:42	But I know you, that ye have not the love of God in you.
John 6:5	When Jesus then lifted up his eyes, and saw a great company come unto him, he saith unto Philip, Whence shall we buy bread, that these may eat?
John 6:15	When Jesus therefore perceived that they would come and take him by force, to make him a king, he departed again into a mountain himself alone.
John 6:25	And when they had found him on the other side of the sea, they said unto him, Rabbi, when camest thou hither?
John 6:35	And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst.
John 6:45	It is written in the prophets, And they shall be all taught of God. Every man therefore that hath heard, and hath learned of the Father, cometh unto me.
John 6:55	For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed.
John 6:65	And he said, Therefore said I unto you, that no man can come unto me, except it were given unto him of my Father.
John 7:4	For there is no man that doeth any thing in secret, and he himself seeketh to be known openly. If thou do these things, shew thyself to the world.
John 7:14	Now about the midst of the feast Jesus went up into the temple, and taught.
John 7:24	Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment.
John 7:34	Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come.
John 7:44	And some of them would have taken him; but no man laid hands on him.
John 8:1	Jesus went unto the mount of Olives.
John 8:11	She said, No man, Lord. And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more.
John 8:21	Then said Jesus again unto them, I go my way, and ye shall seek me, and shall die in your sins: whither I go, ye cannot come.
John 8:31	Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed;
John 8:41	Ye do the deeds of your father. Then said they to him, We be not born of fornication; we have one Father, even God.
John 8:51	Verily, verily, I say unto you, If a man keep my saying, he shall never see death.
John 9:2	And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his parents, that he was born blind?
John 9:12	Then said they unto him, Where is he? He said, I know not.
John 9:22	These words spake his parents, because they feared the Jews: for the Jews had agreed already, that if any man did confess that he was Christ, he should be put out of the synagogue.
John 9:32	Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one that was born blind.
John 10:1	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber.
John 10:11	I am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep.
John 10:21	Others said, These are not the words of him that hath a devil. Can a devil open the eyes of the blind?
John 10:31	Then the Jews took up stones again to stone him.
John 10:41	And many resorted unto him, and said, John did no miracle: but all things that John spake of this man were true.
John 11:9	Jesus answered, Are there not twelve hours in the day? If any man walk in the day, he stumbleth not, because he seeth the light of this world.
John 11:19	And many of the Jews came to Martha and Mary, to comfort them concerning their brother.
John 11:29	As soon as she heard that, she arose quickly, and came unto him.
John 11:39	Jesus said, Take ye away the stone. Martha, the sister of him that was dead, saith unto him, Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath been dead four days.
John 11:49	And one of them, named Caiaphas, being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all,
John 12:2	There they made him a supper; and Martha served: but Lazarus was one of them that sat at the table with him.
John 12:12	On the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem,
John 12:22	Philip cometh and telleth Andrew: and again Andrew and Philip tell Jesus.
John 12:32	And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me.
John 12:42	Nevertheless among the chief rulers also many believed on him; but because of the Pharisees they did not confess him, lest they should be put out of the synagogue:
John 13:2	And supper being ended, the devil having now put into the heart of Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, to betray him;
John 13:12	So after he had washed their feet, and had taken his garments, and was set down again, he said unto them, Know ye what I have done to you?
John 13:22	Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spake.
John 13:32	If God be glorified in him, God shall also glorify him in himself, and shall straightway glorify him.
John 14:4	And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know.
John 14:14	If ye shall ask any thing in my name, I will do it.
John 14:24	He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: and the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me.
John 15:3	Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you.
John 15:13	Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.
John 15:23	He that hateth me hateth my Father also.
John 16:6	But because I have said these things unto you, sorrow hath filled your heart.
John 16:16	A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me, because I go to the Father.
John 16:26	At that day ye shall ask in my name: and I say not unto you, that I will pray the Father for you:
John 17:3	And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.
John 17:13	And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves.
John 17:23	I in them, and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one; and that the world may know that thou hast sent me, and hast loved them, as thou hast loved me.
John 18:7	Then asked he them again, Whom seek ye? And they said, Jesus of Nazareth.
John 18:17	Then saith the damsel that kept the door unto Peter, Art not thou also one of this man's disciples? He saith, I am not.
John 18:27	Peter then denied again: and immediately the cock crew.
John 18:37	Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? Jesus answered, Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice.
John 19:7	The Jews answered him, We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he made himself the Son of God.
John 19:17	And he bearing his cross went forth into a place called the place of a skull, which is called in the Hebrew Golgotha:
John 19:27	Then saith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother! And from that hour that disciple took her unto his own home.
John 19:37	And again another scripture saith, They shall look on him whom they pierced.
John 20:5	And he stooping down, and looking in, saw the linen clothes lying; yet went he not in.
John 20:15	Jesus saith unto her, Woman, why weepest thou? whom seekest thou? She, supposing him to be the gardener, saith unto him, Sir, if thou have borne him hence, tell me where thou hast laid him, and I will take him away.
John 20:25	The other disciples therefore said unto him, We have seen the LORD. But he said unto them, Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe.
John 21:4	But when the morning was now come, Jesus stood on the shore: but the disciples knew not that it was Jesus.
John 21:14	This is now the third time that Jesus shewed himself to his disciples, after that he was risen from the dead.
John 21:24	This is the disciple which testifieth of these things, and wrote these things: and we know that his testimony is true.
Acts 1:9	And when he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken up; and a cloud received him out of their sight.
Acts 1:19	And it was known unto all the dwellers at Jerusalem; insomuch as that field is called in their proper tongue, Aceldama, that is to say, The field of blood.
Acts 2:3	And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them.
Acts 2:13	Others mocking said, These men are full of new wine.
Acts 2:23	Him, being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God, ye have taken, and by wicked hands have crucified and slain:
Acts 2:33	Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this, which ye now see and hear.
Acts 2:43	And fear came upon every soul: and many wonders and signs were done by the apostles.
Acts 3:6	Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk.
Acts 3:16	And his name through faith in his name hath made this man strong, whom ye see and know: yea, the faith which is by him hath given him this perfect soundness in the presence of you all.
Acts 3:26	Unto you first God, having raised up his Son Jesus, sent him to bless you, in turning away every one of you from his iniquities.
Acts 4:10	Be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand here before you whole.
Acts 4:20	For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard.
Acts 4:30	By stretching forth thine hand to heal; and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of thy holy child Jesus.
Acts 5:3	But Peter said, Ananias, why hath Satan filled thine heart to lie to the Holy Ghost, and to keep back part of the price of the land?
Acts 5:13	And of the rest durst no man join himself to them: but the people magnified them.
Acts 5:23	Saying, The prison truly found we shut with all safety, and the keepers standing without before the doors: but when we had opened, we found no man within.
Acts 5:33	When they heard that, they were cut to the heart, and took counsel to slay them.
Acts 6:1	And in those days, when the number of the disciples was multiplied, there arose a murmuring of the Grecians against the Hebrews, because their widows were neglected in the daily ministration.
Acts 6:11	Then they suborned men, which said, We have heard him speak blasphemous words against Moses, and against God.
Acts 7:6	And God spake on this wise, That his seed should sojourn in a strange land; and that they should bring them into bondage, and entreat them evil four hundred years.
Acts 7:16	And were carried over into Sychem, and laid in the sepulchre that Abraham bought for a sum of money of the sons of Emmor the father of Sychem.
Acts 7:26	And the next day he shewed himself unto them as they strove, and would have set them at one again, saying, Sirs, ye are brethren; why do ye wrong one to another?
Acts 7:36	He brought them out, after that he had shewed wonders and signs in the land of Egypt, and in the Red sea, and in the wilderness forty years.
Acts 7:46	Who found favour before God, and desired to find a tabernacle for the God of Jacob.
Acts 7:56	And said, Behold, I see the heavens opened, and the Son of man standing on the right hand of God.
Acts 8:6	And the people with one accord gave heed unto those things which Philip spake, hearing and seeing the miracles which he did.
Acts 8:16	(For as yet he was fallen upon none of them: only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.)
Acts 8:26	And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip, saying, Arise, and go toward the south unto the way that goeth down from Jerusalem unto Gaza, which is desert.
Acts 8:36	And as they went on their way, they came unto a certain water: and the eunuch said, See, here is water; what doth hinder me to be baptized?
Acts 9:6	And he trembling and astonished said, Lord, what wilt thou have me to do? And the Lord said unto him, Arise, and go into the city, and it shall be told thee what thou must do.
Acts 9:16	For I will shew him how great things he must suffer for my name's sake.
Acts 9:26	And when Saul was come to Jerusalem, he assayed to join himself to the disciples: but they were all afraid of him, and believed not that he was a disciple.
Acts 9:36	Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha, which by interpretation is called Dorcas: this woman was full of good works and almsdeeds which she did.
Acts 10:3	He saw in a vision evidently about the ninth hour of the day an angel of God coming in to him, and saying unto him, Cornelius.
Acts 10:13	And there came a voice to him, Rise, Peter; kill, and eat.
Acts 10:23	Then called he them in, and lodged them. And on the morrow Peter went away with them, and certain brethren from Joppa accompanied him.
Acts 10:33	Immediately therefore I sent to thee; and thou hast well done that thou art come. Now therefore are we all here present before God, to hear all things that are commanded thee of God.
Acts 10:43	To him give all the prophets witness, that through his name whosoever believeth in him shall receive remission of sins.
Acts 11:5	I was in the city of Joppa praying: and in a trance I saw a vision, A certain vessel descend, as it had been a great sheet, let down from heaven by four corners; and it came even to me:
Acts 11:15	And as I began to speak, the Holy Ghost fell on them, as on us at the beginning.
Acts 11:25	Then departed Barnabas to Tarsus, for to seek Saul:
Acts 12:5	Peter therefore was kept in prison: but prayer was made without ceasing of the church unto God for him.
Acts 12:15	And they said unto her, Thou art mad. But she constantly affirmed that it was even so. Then said they, It is his angel.
Acts 12:25	And Barnabas and Saul returned from Jerusalem, when they had fulfilled their ministry, and took with them John, whose surname was Mark.
Acts 13:10	And said, O full of all subtilty and all mischief, thou child of the devil, thou enemy of all righteousness, wilt thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord?
Acts 13:20	And after that he gave unto them judges about the space of four hundred and fifty years, until Samuel the prophet.
Acts 13:30	But God raised him from the dead:
Acts 13:40	Beware therefore, lest that come upon you, which is spoken of in the prophets;
Acts 13:50	But the Jews stirred up the devout and honourable women, and the chief men of the city, and raised persecution against Paul and Barnabas, and expelled them out of their coasts.
Acts 14:8	And there sat a certain man at Lystra, impotent in his feet, being a cripple from his mother's womb, who never had walked:
Acts 14:18	And with these sayings scarce restrained they the people, that they had not done sacrifice unto them.
Acts 14:28	And there they abode long time with the disciples.
Acts 15:10	Now therefore why tempt ye God, to put a yoke upon the neck of the disciples, which neither our fathers nor we were able to bear?
Acts 15:20	But that we write unto them, that they abstain from pollutions of idols, and from fornication, and from things strangled, and from blood.
Acts 15:30	So when they were dismissed, they came to Antioch: and when they had gathered the multitude together, they delivered the epistle:
Acts 15:40	And Paul chose Silas, and departed, being recommended by the brethren unto the grace of God.
Acts 16:9	And a vision appeared to Paul in the night; There stood a man of Macedonia, and prayed him, saying, Come over into Macedonia, and help us.
Acts 16:19	And when her masters saw that the hope of their gains was gone, they caught Paul and Silas, and drew them into the marketplace unto the rulers,
Acts 16:29	Then he called for a light, and sprang in, and came trembling, and fell down before Paul and Silas,
Acts 16:39	And they came and besought them, and brought them out, and desired them to depart out of the city.
Acts 17:9	And when they had taken security of Jason, and of the other, they let them go.
Acts 17:19	And they took him, and brought him unto Areopagus, saying, May we know what this new doctrine, whereof thou speakest, is?
Acts 17:29	Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device.
Acts 18:5	And when Silas and Timotheus were come from Macedonia, Paul was pressed in the spirit, and testified to the Jews that Jesus was Christ.
Acts 18:15	But if it be a question of words and names, and of your law, look ye to it; for I will be no judge of such matters.
Acts 18:25	This man was instructed in the way of the Lord; and being fervent in the spirit, he spake and taught diligently the things of the Lord, knowing only the baptism of John.
Acts 19:7	And all the men were about twelve.
Acts 19:17	And this was known to all the Jews and Greeks also dwelling at Ephesus; and fear fell on them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified.
Acts 19:27	So that not only this our craft is in danger to be set at nought; but also that the temple of the great goddess Diana should be despised, and her magnificence should be destroyed, whom all Asia and the world worshippeth.
Acts 19:37	For ye have brought hither these men, which are neither robbers of churches, nor yet blasphemers of your goddess.
Acts 20:6	And we sailed away from Philippi after the days of unleavened bread, and came unto them to Troas in five days; where we abode seven days.
Acts 20:16	For Paul had determined to sail by Ephesus, because he would not spend the time in Asia: for he hasted, if it were possible for him, to be at Jerusalem the day of Pentecost.
Acts 20:26	Wherefore I take you to record this day, that I am pure from the blood of all men.
Acts 20:36	And when he had thus spoken, he kneeled down, and prayed with them all.
Acts 21:8	And the next day we that were of Paul's company departed, and came unto Caesarea: and we entered into the house of Philip the evangelist, which was one of the seven; and abode with him.
Acts 21:18	And the day following Paul went in with us unto James; and all the elders were present.
Acts 21:28	Crying out, Men of Israel, help: This is the man, that teacheth all men every where against the people, and the law, and this place: and further brought Greeks also into the temple, and hath polluted this holy place.
Acts 21:38	Art not thou that Egyptian, which before these days madest an uproar, and leddest out into the wilderness four thousand men that were murderers?
Acts 22:8	And I answered, Who art thou, Lord? And he said unto me, I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom thou persecutest.
Acts 22:18	And saw him saying unto me, Make haste, and get thee quickly out of Jerusalem: for they will not receive thy testimony concerning me.
Acts 22:28	And the chief captain answered, With a great sum obtained I this freedom. And Paul said, But I was free born.
Acts 23:8	For the Sadducees say that there is no resurrection, neither angel, nor spirit: but the Pharisees confess both.
Acts 23:18	So he took him, and brought him to the chief captain, and said, Paul the prisoner called me unto him, and prayed me to bring this young man unto thee, who hath something to say unto thee.
Acts 23:28	And when I would have known the cause wherefore they accused him, I brought him forth into their council:
Acts 24:3	We accept it always, and in all places, most noble Felix, with all thankfulness.
Acts 24:13	Neither can they prove the things whereof they now accuse me.
Acts 24:23	And he commanded a centurion to keep Paul, and to let him have liberty, and that he should forbid none of his acquaintance to minister or come unto him.
Acts 25:6	And when he had tarried among them more than ten days, he went down unto Caesarea; and the next day sitting on the judgment seat commanded Paul to be brought.
Acts 25:16	To whom I answered, It is not the manner of the Romans to deliver any man to die, before that he which is accused have the accusers face to face, and have licence to answer for himself concerning the crime laid against him.
Acts 25:26	Of whom I have no certain thing to write unto my lord. Wherefore I have brought him forth before you, and specially before thee, O king Agrippa, that, after examination had, I might have somewhat to write.
Acts 26:9	I verily thought with myself, that I ought to do many things contrary to the name of Jesus of Nazareth.
Acts 26:19	Whereupon, O king Agrippa, I was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision:
Acts 26:29	And Paul said, I would to God, that not only thou, but also all that hear me this day, were both almost, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds.
Acts 27:7	And when we had sailed slowly many days, and scarce were come over against Cnidus, the wind not suffering us, we sailed under Crete, over against Salmone;
Acts 27:17	Which when they had taken up, they used helps, undergirding the ship; and, fearing lest they should fall into the quicksands, strake sail, and so were driven.
Acts 27:27	But when the fourteenth night was come, as we were driven up and down in Adria, about midnight the shipmen deemed that they drew near to some country;
Acts 27:37	And we were in all in the ship two hundred threescore and sixteen souls.
Acts 28:3	And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, there came a viper out of the heat, and fastened on his hand.
Acts 28:13	And from thence we fetched a compass, and came to Rhegium: and after one day the south wind blew, and we came the next day to Puteoli:
Acts 28:23	And when they had appointed him a day, there came many to him into his lodging; to whom he expounded and testified the kingdom of God, persuading them concerning Jesus, both out of the law of Moses, and out of the prophets, from morning till evening.
Romans 1:2	(Which he had promised afore by his prophets in the holy scriptures,)
Romans 1:12	That is, that I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me.
Romans 1:22	Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools,
Romans 1:32	Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them.
Romans 2:10	But glory, honour, and peace, to every man that worketh good, to the Jew first, and also to the Gentile:
Romans 2:20	An instructor of the foolish, a teacher of babes, which hast the form of knowledge and of the truth in the law.
Romans 3:1	What advantage then hath the Jew? or what profit is there of circumcision?
Romans 3:11	There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God.
Romans 3:21	But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets;
Romans 3:31	Do we then make void the law through faith? God forbid: yea, we establish the law.
Romans 4:10	How was it then reckoned? when he was in circumcision, or in uncircumcision? Not in circumcision, but in uncircumcision.
Romans 4:20	He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong in faith, giving glory to God;
Romans 5:5	And hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us.
Romans 5:15	But not as the offence, so also is the free gift. For if through the offence of one many be dead, much more the grace of God, and the gift by grace, which is by one man, Jesus Christ, hath abounded unto many.
Romans 6:4	Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death: that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life.
Romans 6:14	For sin shall not have dominion over you: for ye are not under the law, but under grace.
Romans 7:1	Know ye not, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law hath dominion over a man as long as he liveth?
Romans 7:11	For sin, taking occasion by the commandment, deceived me, and by it slew me.
Romans 7:21	I find then a law, that, when I would do good, evil is present with me.
Romans 8:6	For to be carnally minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace.
Romans 8:16	The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God:
Romans 8:26	Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.
Romans 8:36	As it is written, For thy sake we are killed all the day long; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter.
Romans 9:7	Neither, because they are the seed of Abraham, are they all children: but, In Isaac shall thy seed be called.
Romans 9:17	For the scripture saith unto Pharaoh, Even for this same purpose have I raised thee up, that I might shew my power in thee, and that my name might be declared throughout all the earth.
Romans 9:27	Esaias also crieth concerning Israel, Though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea, a remnant shall be saved:
Romans 10:4	For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth.
Romans 10:14	How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher?
Romans 11:3	Lord, they have killed thy prophets, and digged down thine altars; and I am left alone, and they seek my life.
Romans 11:13	For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office:
Romans 11:23	And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shall be graffed in: for God is able to graff them in again.
Romans 11:33	O the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God! how unsearchable are his judgments, and his ways past finding out!
Romans 12:7	Or ministry, let us wait on our ministering: or he that teacheth, on teaching;
Romans 12:17	Recompense to no man evil for evil. Provide things honest in the sight of all men.
Romans 13:6	For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing.
Romans 14:2	For one believeth that he may eat all things: another, who is weak, eateth herbs.
Romans 14:12	So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God.
Romans 14:22	Hast thou faith? have it to thyself before God. Happy is he that condemneth not himself in that thing which he alloweth.
Romans 15:9	And that the Gentiles might glorify God for his mercy; as it is written, For this cause I will confess to thee among the Gentiles, and sing unto thy name.
Romans 15:19	Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God; so that from Jerusalem, and round about unto Illyricum, I have fully preached the gospel of Christ.
Romans 15:29	And I am sure that, when I come unto you, I shall come in the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ.
Romans 16:6	Greet Mary, who bestowed much labour on us.
Romans 16:16	Salute one another with an holy kiss. The churches of Christ salute you.
Romans 16:26	But now is made manifest, and by the scriptures of the prophets, according to the commandment of the everlasting God, made known to all nations for the obedience of faith:
1 Corinthians 1:9	God is faithful, by whom ye were called unto the fellowship of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord.
1 Corinthians 1:19	For it is written, I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent.
1 Corinthians 1:29	That no flesh should glory in his presence.
1 Corinthians 2:8	Which none of the princes of this world knew: for had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory.
1 Corinthians 3:2	I have fed you with milk, and not with meat: for hitherto ye were not able to bear it, neither yet now are ye able.
1 Corinthians 3:12	Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble;
1 Corinthians 3:22	Whether Paul, or Apollos, or Cephas, or the world, or life, or death, or things present, or things to come; all are your's;
1 Corinthians 4:9	For I think that God hath set forth us the apostles last, as it were appointed to death: for we are made a spectacle unto the world, and to angels, and to men.
1 Corinthians 4:19	But I will come to you shortly, if the Lord will, and will know, not the speech of them which are puffed up, but the power.
1 Corinthians 5:8	Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth.
1 Corinthians 6:5	I speak to your shame. Is it so, that there is not a wise man among you? no, not one that shall be able to judge between his brethren?
1 Corinthians 6:15	Know ye not that your bodies are the members of Christ? shall I then take the members of Christ, and make them the members of an harlot? God forbid.
1 Corinthians 7:5	Defraud ye not one the other, except it be with consent for a time, that ye may give yourselves to fasting and prayer; and come together again, that Satan tempt you not for your incontinency.
1 Corinthians 7:15	But if the unbelieving depart, let him depart. A brother or a sister is not under bondage in such cases: but God hath called us to peace.
1 Corinthians 7:25	Now concerning virgins I have no commandment of the Lord: yet I give my judgment, as one that hath obtained mercy of the Lord to be faithful.
1 Corinthians 7:35	And this I speak for your own profit; not that I may cast a snare upon you, but for that which is comely, and that ye may attend upon the Lord without distraction.
1 Corinthians 8:5	For though there be that are called gods, whether in heaven or in earth, (as there be gods many, and lords many,)
1 Corinthians 9:2	If I be not an apostle unto others, yet doubtless I am to you: for the seal of mine apostleship are ye in the Lord.
1 Corinthians 9:12	If others be partakers of this power over you, are not we rather? Nevertheless we have not used this power; but suffer all things, lest we should hinder the gospel of Christ.
1 Corinthians 9:22	To the weak became I as weak, that I might gain the weak: I am made all things to all men, that I might by all means save some.
1 Corinthians 10:5	But with many of them God was not well pleased: for they were overthrown in the wilderness.
1 Corinthians 10:15	I speak as to wise men; judge ye what I say.
1 Corinthians 10:25	Whatsoever is sold in the shambles, that eat, asking no question for conscience sake:
1 Corinthians 11:2	Now I praise you, brethren, that ye remember me in all things, and keep the ordinances, as I delivered them to you.
1 Corinthians 11:12	For as the woman is of the man, even so is the man also by the woman; but all things of God.
1 Corinthians 11:22	What? have ye not houses to eat and to drink in? or despise ye the church of God, and shame them that have not? What shall I say to you? shall I praise you in this? I praise you not.
1 Corinthians 11:32	But when we are judged, we are chastened of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world.
1 Corinthians 12:8	For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit;
1 Corinthians 12:18	But now hath God set the members every one of them in the body, as it hath pleased him.
1 Corinthians 12:28	And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues.
1 Corinthians 13:7	Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things.
1 Corinthians 14:4	He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifieth himself; but he that prophesieth edifieth the church.
1 Corinthians 14:14	For if I pray in an unknown tongue, my spirit prayeth, but my understanding is unfruitful.
1 Corinthians 14:24	But if all prophesy, and there come in one that believeth not, or one unlearned, he is convinced of all, he is judged of all:
1 Corinthians 14:34	Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience as also saith the law.
1 Corinthians 15:4	And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:
1 Corinthians 15:14	And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain.
1 Corinthians 15:24	Then cometh the end, when he shall have delivered up the kingdom to God, even the Father; when he shall have put down all rule and all authority and power.
1 Corinthians 15:34	Awake to righteousness, and sin not; for some have not the knowledge of God: I speak this to your shame.
1 Corinthians 15:44	It is sown a natural body; it is raised a spiritual body. There is a natural body, and there is a spiritual body.
1 Corinthians 15:54	So when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption, and this mortal shall have put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written, Death is swallowed up in victory.
1 Corinthians 16:6	And it may be that I will abide, yea, and winter with you, that ye may bring me on my journey whithersoever I go.
1 Corinthians 16:16	That ye submit yourselves unto such, and to every one that helpeth with us, and laboureth.
2 Corinthians 1:2	Grace be to you and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Corinthians 1:12	For our rejoicing is this, the testimony of our conscience, that in simplicity and godly sincerity, not with fleshly wisdom, but by the grace of God, we have had our conversation in the world, and more abundantly to you-ward.
2 Corinthians 1:22	Who hath also sealed us, and given the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts.
2 Corinthians 2:8	Wherefore I beseech you that ye would confirm your love toward him.
2 Corinthians 3:1	Do we begin again to commend ourselves? or need we, as some others, epistles of commendation to you, or letters of commendation from you?
2 Corinthians 3:11	For if that which is done away was glorious, much more that which remaineth is glorious.
2 Corinthians 4:3	But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost:
2 Corinthians 4:13	We having the same spirit of faith, according as it is written, I believed, and therefore have I spoken; we also believe, and therefore speak;
2 Corinthians 5:5	Now he that hath wrought us for the selfsame thing is God, who also hath given unto us the earnest of the Spirit.
2 Corinthians 5:15	And that he died for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto him which died for them, and rose again.
2 Corinthians 6:4	But in all things approving ourselves as the ministers of God, in much patience, in afflictions, in necessities, in distresses,
2 Corinthians 6:14	Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness?
2 Corinthians 7:6	Nevertheless God, that comforteth those that are cast down, comforted us by the coming of Titus;
2 Corinthians 7:16	I rejoice therefore that I have confidence in you in all things.
2 Corinthians 8:10	And herein I give my advice: for this is expedient for you, who have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago.
2 Corinthians 8:20	Avoiding this, that no man should blame us in this abundance which is administered by us:
2 Corinthians 9:6	But this I say, He which soweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully.
2 Corinthians 10:1	Now I Paul myself beseech you by the meekness and gentleness of Christ, who in presence am base among you, but being absent am bold toward you:
2 Corinthians 10:11	Let such an one think this, that, such as we are in word by letters when we are absent, such will we be also in deed when we are present.
2 Corinthians 11:3	But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ.
2 Corinthians 11:13	For such are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the apostles of Christ.
2 Corinthians 11:23	Are they ministers of Christ? (I speak as a fool) I am more; in labours more abundant, in stripes above measure, in prisons more frequent, in deaths oft.
2 Corinthians 11:33	And through a window in a basket was I let down by the wall, and escaped his hands.
2 Corinthians 12:10	Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses for Christ's sake: for when I am weak, then am I strong.
2 Corinthians 12:20	For I fear, lest, when I come, I shall not find you such as I would, and that I shall be found unto you such as ye would not: lest there be debates, envyings, wraths, strifes, backbitings, whisperings, swellings, tumults:
2 Corinthians 13:9	For we are glad, when we are weak, and ye are strong: and this also we wish, even your perfection.
Galatians 1:5	To whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
Galatians 1:15	But when it pleased God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me by his grace,
Galatians 2:1	Then fourteen years after I went up again to Jerusalem with Barnabas, and took Titus with me also.
Galatians 2:11	But when Peter was come to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed.
Galatians 2:21	I do not frustrate the grace of God: for if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain.
Galatians 3:10	For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse: for it is written, Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are written in the book of the law to do them.
Galatians 3:20	Now a mediator is not a mediator of one, but God is one.
Galatians 4:1	Now I say, That the heir, as long as he is a child, differeth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all;
Galatians 4:11	I am afraid of you, lest I have bestowed upon you labour in vain.
Galatians 4:21	Tell me, ye that desire to be under the law, do ye not hear the law?
Galatians 4:31	So then, brethren, we are not children of the bondwoman, but of the free.
Galatians 5:10	I have confidence in you through the Lord, that ye will be none otherwise minded: but he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment, whosoever he be.
Galatians 5:20	Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies,
Galatians 6:4	But let every man prove his own work, and then shall he have rejoicing in himself alone, and not in another.
Galatians 6:14	But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the world.
Ephesians 1:6	To the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved.
Ephesians 1:16	Cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers;
Ephesians 2:3	Among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind; and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others.
Ephesians 2:13	But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ.
Ephesians 3:1	For this cause I Paul, the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles,
Ephesians 3:11	According to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord:
Ephesians 3:21	Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen.
Ephesians 4:10	He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens, that he might fill all things.)
Ephesians 4:20	But ye have not so learned Christ;
Ephesians 4:30	And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.
Ephesians 5:8	For ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord: walk as children of light:
Ephesians 5:18	And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be filled with the Spirit;
Ephesians 5:28	So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself.
Ephesians 6:5	Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as unto Christ;
Ephesians 6:15	And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;
Philippians 1:1	Paul and Timotheus, the servants of Jesus Christ, to all the saints in Christ Jesus which are at Philippi, with the bishops and deacons:
Philippians 1:11	Being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus Christ, unto the glory and praise of God.
Philippians 1:21	For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain.
Philippians 2:1	If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies,
Philippians 2:11	And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.
Philippians 2:21	For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ's.
Philippians 3:1	Finally, my brethren, rejoice in the Lord. To write the same things to you, to me indeed is not grievous, but for you it is safe.
Philippians 3:11	If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead.
Philippians 3:21	Who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself.
Philippians 4:10	But I rejoiced in the Lord greatly, that now at the last your care of me hath flourished again; wherein ye were also careful, but ye lacked opportunity.
Philippians 4:20	Now unto God and our Father be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
Colossians 1:7	As ye also learned of Epaphras our dear fellowservant, who is for you a faithful minister of Christ;
Colossians 1:17	And he is before all things, and by him all things consist.
Colossians 1:27	To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you, the hope of glory:
Colossians 2:8	Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ.
Colossians 2:18	Let no man beguile you of your reward in a voluntary humility and worshipping of angels, intruding into those things which he hath not seen, vainly puffed up by his fleshly mind,
Colossians 3:5	Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which is idolatry:
Colossians 3:15	And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which also ye are called in one body; and be ye thankful.
Colossians 3:25	But he that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he hath done: and there is no respect of persons.
Colossians 4:10	Aristarchus my fellowprisoner saluteth you, and Marcus, sister's son to Barnabas, (touching whom ye received commandments: if he come unto you, receive him;)
1 Thessalonians 1:2	We give thanks to God always for you all, making mention of you in our prayers;
1 Thessalonians 2:2	But even after that we had suffered before, and were shamefully entreated, as ye know, at Philippi, we were bold in our God to speak unto you the gospel of God with much contention.
1 Thessalonians 2:12	That ye would walk worthy of God, who hath called you unto his kingdom and glory.
1 Thessalonians 3:2	And sent Timotheus, our brother, and minister of God, and our fellowlabourer in the gospel of Christ, to establish you, and to comfort you concerning your faith:
1 Thessalonians 3:12	And the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another, and toward all men, even as we do toward you:
1 Thessalonians 4:9	But as touching brotherly love ye need not that I write unto you: for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another.
1 Thessalonians 5:1	But of the times and the seasons, brethren, ye have no need that I write unto you.
1 Thessalonians 5:11	Wherefore comfort yourselves together, and edify one another, even as also ye do.
1 Thessalonians 5:21	Prove all things; hold fast that which is good.
2 Thessalonians 1:3	We are bound to thank God always for you, brethren, as it is meet, because that your faith groweth exceedingly, and the charity of every one of you all toward each other aboundeth;
2 Thessalonians 2:1	Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him,
2 Thessalonians 2:11	And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie:
2 Thessalonians 3:4	And we have confidence in the Lord touching you, that ye both do and will do the things which we command you.
2 Thessalonians 3:14	And if any man obey not our word by this epistle, note that man, and have no company with him, that he may be ashamed.
1 Timothy 1:6	From which some having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling;
1 Timothy 1:16	Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus Christ might shew forth all longsuffering, for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting.
1 Timothy 2:6	Who gave himself a ransom for all, to be testified in due time.
1 Timothy 3:1	This is a true saying, If a man desire the office of a bishop, he desireth a good work.
1 Timothy 3:11	Even so must their wives be grave, not slanderers, sober, faithful in all things.
1 Timothy 4:5	For it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer.
1 Timothy 4:15	Meditate upon these things; give thyself wholly to them; that thy profiting may appear to all.
1 Timothy 5:9	Let not a widow be taken into the number under threescore years old, having been the wife of one man.
1 Timothy 5:19	Against an elder receive not an accusation, but before two or three witnesses.
1 Timothy 6:4	He is proud, knowing nothing, but doting about questions and strifes of words, whereof cometh envy, strife, railings, evil surmisings,
1 Timothy 6:14	That thou keep this commandment without spot, unrebukable, until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ:
2 Timothy 1:3	I thank God, whom I serve from my forefathers with pure conscience, that without ceasing I have remembrance of thee in my prayers night and day;
2 Timothy 1:13	Hold fast the form of sound words, which thou hast heard of me, in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.
2 Timothy 2:5	And if a man also strive for masteries, yet is he not crowned, except he strive lawfully.
2 Timothy 2:15	Study to shew thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.
2 Timothy 2:25	In meekness instructing those that oppose themselves; if God peradventure will give them repentance to the acknowledging of the truth;
2 Timothy 3:9	But they shall proceed no further: for their folly shall be manifest unto all men, as their's also was.
2 Timothy 4:2	Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine.
2 Timothy 4:12	And Tychicus have I sent to Ephesus.
2 Timothy 4:22	The Lord Jesus Christ be with thy spirit. Grace be with you. Amen.
Titus 1:10	For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers, specially they of the circumcision:
Titus 2:4	That they may teach the young women to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children,
Titus 2:14	Who gave himself for us, that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works.
Titus 3:9	But avoid foolish questions, and genealogies, and contentions, and strivings about the law; for they are unprofitable and vain.
Philemon 1:4	I thank my God, making mention of thee always in my prayers,
Philemon 1:14	But without thy mind would I do nothing; that thy benefit should not be as it were of necessity, but willingly.
Philemon 1:24	Marcus, Aristarchus, Demas, Lucas, my fellowlabourers.
Hebrews 1:9	Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.
Hebrews 2:5	For unto the angels hath he not put in subjection the world to come, whereof we speak.
Hebrews 2:15	And deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage.
Hebrews 3:7	Wherefore (as the Holy Ghost saith, To day if ye will hear his voice,
Hebrews 3:17	But with whom was he grieved forty years? was it not with them that had sinned, whose carcases fell in the wilderness?
Hebrews 4:8	For if Jesus had given them rest, then would he not afterward have spoken of another day.
Hebrews 5:2	Who can have compassion on the ignorant, and on them that are out of the way; for that he himself also is compassed with infirmity.
Hebrews 5:12	For when for the time ye ought to be teachers, ye have need that one teach you again which be the first principles of the oracles of God; and are become such as have need of milk, and not of strong meat.
Hebrews 6:8	But that which beareth thorns and briers is rejected, and is nigh unto cursing; whose end is to be burned.
Hebrews 6:18	That by two immutable things, in which it was impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us:
Hebrews 7:8	And here men that die receive tithes; but there he receiveth them, of whom it is witnessed that he liveth.
Hebrews 7:18	For there is verily a disannulling of the commandment going before for the weakness and unprofitableness thereof.
Hebrews 7:28	For the law maketh men high priests which have infirmity; but the word of the oath, which was since the law, maketh the Son, who is consecrated for evermore.
Hebrews 8:10	For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, saith the Lord; I will put my laws into their mind, and write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people:
Hebrews 9:7	But into the second went the high priest alone once every year, not without blood, which he offered for himself, and for the errors of the people:
Hebrews 9:17	For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is of no strength at all while the testator liveth.
Hebrews 9:27	And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:
Hebrews 10:9	Then said he, Lo, I come to do thy will, O God. He taketh away the first, that he may establish the second.
Hebrews 10:19	Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus,
Hebrews 10:29	Of how much sorer punishment, suppose ye, shall he be thought worthy, who hath trodden under foot the Son of God, and hath counted the blood of the covenant, wherewith he was sanctified, an unholy thing, and hath done despite unto the Spirit of grace?
Hebrews 10:39	But we are not of them who draw back unto perdition; but of them that believe to the saving of the soul.
Hebrews 11:10	For he looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God.
Hebrews 11:20	By faith Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau concerning things to come.
Hebrews 11:30	By faith the walls of Jericho fell down, after they were compassed about seven days.
Hebrews 11:40	God having provided some better thing for us, that they without us should not be made perfect.
Hebrews 12:10	For they verily for a few days chastened us after their own pleasure; but he for our profit, that we might be partakers of his holiness.
Hebrews 12:20	(For they could not endure that which was commanded, And if so much as a beast touch the mountain, it shall be stoned, or thrust through with a dart:
Hebrews 13:1	Let brotherly love continue.
Hebrews 13:11	For the bodies of those beasts, whose blood is brought into the sanctuary by the high priest for sin, are burned without the camp.
Hebrews 13:21	Make you perfect in every good work to do his will, working in you that which is wellpleasing in his sight, through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
James 1:6	But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.
James 1:16	Do not err, my beloved brethren.
James 1:26	If any man among you seem to be religious, and bridleth not his tongue, but deceiveth his own heart, this man's religion is vain.
James 2:9	But if ye have respect to persons, ye commit sin, and are convinced of the law as transgressors.
James 2:19	Thou believest that there is one God; thou doest well: the devils also believe, and tremble.
James 3:3	Behold, we put bits in the horses' mouths, that they may obey us; and we turn about their whole body.
James 3:13	Who is a wise man and endued with knowledge among you? let him shew out of a good conversation his works with meekness of wisdom.
James 4:5	Do ye think that the scripture saith in vain, The spirit that dwelleth in us lusteth to envy?
James 4:15	For that ye ought to say, If the Lord will, we shall live, and do this, or that.
James 5:8	Be ye also patient; stablish your hearts: for the coming of the Lord draweth nigh.
James 5:18	And he prayed again, and the heaven gave rain, and the earth brought forth her fruit.
1 Peter 1:8	Whom having not seen, ye love; in whom, though now ye see him not, yet believing, ye rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory:
1 Peter 1:18	Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers;
1 Peter 2:3	If so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious.
1 Peter 2:13	Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake: whether it be to the king, as supreme;
1 Peter 2:23	Who, when he was reviled, reviled not again; when he suffered, he threatened not; but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously:
1 Peter 3:8	Finally, be ye all of one mind, having compassion one of another, love as brethren, be pitiful, be courteous:
1 Peter 3:18	For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:
1 Peter 4:6	For for this cause was the gospel preached also to them that are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit.
1 Peter 4:16	Yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed; but let him glorify God on this behalf.
1 Peter 5:7	Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you.
2 Peter 1:3	According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue:
2 Peter 1:13	Yea, I think it meet, as long as I am in this tabernacle, to stir you up by putting you in remembrance;
2 Peter 2:2	And many shall follow their pernicious ways; by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of.
2 Peter 2:12	But these, as natural brute beasts, made to be taken and destroyed, speak evil of the things that they understand not; and shall utterly perish in their own corruption;
2 Peter 2:22	But it is happened unto them according to the true proverb, The dog is turned to his own vomit again; and the sow that was washed to her wallowing in the mire.
2 Peter 3:10	But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up.
1 John 1:2	(For the life was manifested, and we have seen it, and bear witness, and shew unto you that eternal life, which was with the Father, and was manifested unto us;)
1 John 2:2	And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not for our's only, but also for the sins of the whole world.
1 John 2:12	I write unto you, little children, because your sins are forgiven you for his name's sake.
1 John 2:22	Who is a liar but he that denieth that Jesus is the Christ? He is antichrist, that denieth the Father and the Son.
1 John 3:3	And every man that hath this hope in him purifieth himself, even as he is pure.
1 John 3:13	Marvel not, my brethren, if the world hate you.
1 John 3:23	And this is his commandment, That we should believe on the name of his Son Jesus Christ, and love one another, as he gave us commandment.
1 John 4:9	In this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through him.
1 John 4:19	We love him, because he first loved us.
1 John 5:8	And there are three that bear witness in earth, the Spirit, and the water, and the blood: and these three agree in one.
1 John 5:18	We know that whosoever is born of God sinneth not; but he that is begotten of God keepeth himself, and that wicked one toucheth him not.
2 John 1:7	For many deceivers are entered into the world, who confess not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh. This is a deceiver and an antichrist.
3 John 1:4	I have no greater joy than to hear that my children walk in truth.
3 John 1:14	But I trust I shall shortly see thee, and we shall speak face to face. Peace be to thee. Our friends salute thee. Greet the friends by name.
Jude 1:10	But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but what they know naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves.
Jude 1:20	But ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost,
Revelation 1:5	And from Jesus Christ, who is the faithful witness, and the first begotten of the dead, and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood,
Revelation 1:15	And his feet like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and his voice as the sound of many waters.
Revelation 2:5	Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do the first works; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will remove thy candlestick out of his place, except thou repent.
Revelation 2:15	So hast thou also them that hold the doctrine of the Nicolaitanes, which thing I hate.
Revelation 2:25	But that which ye have already hold fast till I come.
Revelation 3:6	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.
Revelation 3:16	So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.
Revelation 4:4	And round about the throne were four and twenty seats: and upon the seats I saw four and twenty elders sitting, clothed in white raiment; and they had on their heads crowns of gold.
Revelation 5:3	And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon.
Revelation 5:13	And every creature which is in heaven, and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in them, heard I saying, Blessing, and honour, and glory, and power, be unto him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb for ever and ever.
Revelation 6:9	And when he had opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the word of God, and for the testimony which they held:
Revelation 7:2	And I saw another angel ascending from the east, having the seal of the living God: and he cried with a loud voice to the four angels, to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea,
Revelation 7:12	Saying, Amen: Blessing, and glory, and wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might, be unto our God for ever and ever. Amen.
Revelation 8:5	And the angel took the censer, and filled it with fire of the altar, and cast it into the earth: and there were voices, and thunderings, and lightnings, and an earthquake.
Revelation 9:2	And he opened the bottomless pit; and there arose a smoke out of the pit, as the smoke of a great furnace; and the sun and the air were darkened by reason of the smoke of the pit.
Revelation 9:12	One woe is past; and, behold, there come two woes more hereafter.
Revelation 10:1	And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed with a cloud: and a rainbow was upon his head, and his face was as it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire:
Revelation 10:11	And he said unto me, Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, and nations, and tongues, and kings.
Revelation 11:10	And they that dwell upon the earth shall rejoice over them, and make merry, and shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that dwelt on the earth.
Revelation 12:1	And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars:
Revelation 12:11	And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony; and they loved not their lives unto the death.
Revelation 13:4	And they worshipped the dragon which gave power unto the beast: and they worshipped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast? who is able to make war with him?
Revelation 13:14	And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword, and did live.
Revelation 14:6	And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people,
Revelation 14:16	And he that sat on the cloud thrust in his sickle on the earth; and the earth was reaped.
Revelation 15:6	And the seven angels came out of the temple, having the seven plagues, clothed in pure and white linen, and having their breasts girded with golden girdles.
Revelation 16:8	And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun; and power was given unto him to scorch men with fire.
Revelation 16:18	And there were voices, and thunders, and lightnings; and there was a great earthquake, such as was not since men were upon the earth, so mighty an earthquake, and so great.
Revelation 17:7	And the angel said unto me, Wherefore didst thou marvel? I will tell thee the mystery of the woman, and of the beast that carrieth her, which hath the seven heads and ten horns.
Revelation 17:17	For God hath put in their hearts to fulfil his will, and to agree, and give their kingdom unto the beast, until the words of God shall be fulfilled.
Revelation 18:9	And the kings of the earth, who have committed fornication and lived deliciously with her, shall bewail her, and lament for her, when they shall see the smoke of her burning,
Revelation 18:19	And they cast dust on their heads, and cried, weeping and wailing, saying, Alas, alas that great city, wherein were made rich all that had ships in the sea by reason of her costliness! for in one hour is she made desolate.
Revelation 19:5	And a voice came out of the throne, saying, Praise our God, all ye his servants, and ye that fear him, both small and great.
Revelation 19:15	And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations: and he shall rule them with a rod of iron: and he treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God.
Revelation 20:4	And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was given unto them: and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not worshipped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark upon their foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years.
Revelation 20:14	And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death.
Revelation 21:9	And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb's wife.
Revelation 21:19	And the foundations of the wall of the city were garnished with all manner of precious stones. The first foundation was jasper; the second, sapphire; the third, a chalcedony; the fourth, an emerald;
Revelation 22:2	In the midst of the street of it, and on either side of the river, was there the tree of life, which bare twelve manner of fruits, and yielded her fruit every month: and the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations.
Revelation 22:12	And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be.
