Genesis 1:6	And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.
Genesis 1:16	And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.
Genesis 1:26	And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.
Genesis 2:5	And every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the ground.
Genesis 2:15	And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it.
Genesis 2:25	And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed.
Genesis 3:10	And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself.
Genesis 3:20	And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother of all living.
Genesis 4:6	And the LORD said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy countenance fallen?
Genesis 4:16	And Cain went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden.
Genesis 4:26	And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the LORD.
Genesis 5:10	And Enos lived after he begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters:
Genesis 5:20	And all the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty and two years: and he died.
Genesis 5:30	And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years, and begat sons and daughters:
Genesis 6:8	But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD.
Genesis 6:18	But with thee will I establish my covenant; and thou shalt come into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons' wives with thee.
Genesis 7:6	And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was upon the earth.
Genesis 7:16	And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in.
Genesis 8:2	The fountains also of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was restrained;
Genesis 8:12	And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; which returned not again unto him any more.
Genesis 8:22	While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.
Genesis 9:10	And with every living creature that is with you, of the fowl, of the cattle, and of every beast of the earth with you; from all that go out of the ark, to every beast of the earth.
Genesis 9:20	And Noah began to be an husbandman, and he planted a vineyard:
Genesis 10:1	Now these are the generations of the sons of Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth: and unto them were sons born after the flood.
Genesis 10:11	Out of that land went forth Asshur, and builded Nineveh, and the city Rehoboth, and Calah,
Genesis 10:21	Unto Shem also, the father of all the children of Eber, the brother of Japheth the elder, even to him were children born.
Genesis 10:31	These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, after their nations.
Genesis 11:9	Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the LORD did there confound the language of all the earth: and from thence did the LORD scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth.
Genesis 11:19	And Peleg lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:29	And Abram and Nahor took them wives: the name of Abram's wife was Sarai; and the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, the daughter of Haran, the father of Milcah, and the father of Iscah.
Genesis 12:7	And the LORD appeared unto Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I give this land: and there builded he an altar unto the LORD, who appeared unto him.
Genesis 12:17	And the LORD plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai Abram's wife.
Genesis 13:7	And there was a strife between the herdmen of Abram's cattle and the herdmen of Lot's cattle: and the Canaanite and the Perizzite dwelled then in the land.
Genesis 13:17	Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it; for I will give it unto thee.
Genesis 14:9	With Chedorlaomer the king of Elam, and with Tidal king of nations, and Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar; four kings with five.
Genesis 14:19	And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth:
Genesis 15:5	And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward heaven, and tell the stars, if thou be able to number them: and he said unto him, So shall thy seed be.
Genesis 15:15	And thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace; thou shalt be buried in a good old age.
Genesis 16:4	And he went in unto Hagar, and she conceived: and when she saw that she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes.
Genesis 16:14	Wherefore the well was called Beerlahairoi; behold, it is between Kadesh and Bered.
Genesis 17:8	And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land wherein thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I will be their God.
Genesis 17:18	And Abraham said unto God, O that Ishmael might live before thee!
Genesis 18:1	And the LORD appeared unto him in the plains of Mamre: and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day;
Genesis 18:11	Now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age; and it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women.
Genesis 18:21	I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come unto me; and if not, I will know.
Genesis 18:31	And he said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the LORD: Peradventure there shall be twenty found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for twenty's sake.
Genesis 19:8	Behold now, I have two daughters which have not known man; let me, I pray you, bring them out unto you, and do ye to them as is good in your eyes: only unto these men do nothing; for therefore came they under the shadow of my roof.
Genesis 19:18	And Lot said unto them, Oh, not so, my LORD:
Genesis 19:28	And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, and toward all the land of the plain, and beheld, and, lo, the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace.
Genesis 19:38	And the younger, she also bare a son, and called his name Benammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon unto this day.
Genesis 20:10	And Abimelech said unto Abraham, What sawest thou, that thou hast done this thing?
Genesis 21:2	For Sarah conceived, and bare Abraham a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him.
Genesis 21:12	And God said unto Abraham, Let it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad, and because of thy bondwoman; in all that Sarah hath said unto thee, hearken unto her voice; for in Isaac shall thy seed be called.
Genesis 21:22	And it came to pass at that time, that Abimelech and Phichol the chief captain of his host spake unto Abraham, saying, God is with thee in all that thou doest:
Genesis 21:32	Thus they made a covenant at Beersheba: then Abimelech rose up, and Phichol the chief captain of his host, and they returned into the land of the Philistines.
Genesis 22:8	And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering: so they went both of them together.
Genesis 22:18	And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed; because thou hast obeyed my voice.
Genesis 23:4	I am a stranger and a sojourner with you: give me a possession of a buryingplace with you, that I may bury my dead out of my sight.
Genesis 23:14	And Ephron answered Abraham, saying unto him,
Genesis 24:4	But thou shalt go unto my country, and to my kindred, and take a wife unto my son Isaac.
Genesis 24:14	And let it come to pass, that the damsel to whom I shall say, Let down thy pitcher, I pray thee, that I may drink; and she shall say, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac; and thereby shall I know that thou hast showed kindness unto my master.
Genesis 24:24	And she said unto him, I am the daughter of Bethuel the son of Milcah, which she bare unto Nahor.
Genesis 24:34	And he said, I am Abraham's servant.
Genesis 24:44	And she say to me, Both drink thou, and I will also draw for thy camels: let the same be the woman whom the LORD hath appointed out for my master's son.
Genesis 24:54	And they did eat and drink, he and the men that were with him, and tarried all night; and they rose up in the morning, and he said, Send me away unto my master.
Genesis 24:64	And Rebekah lifted up her eyes, and when she saw Isaac, she lighted off the camel.
Genesis 25:7	And these are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived, an hundred threescore and fifteen years.
Genesis 25:17	And these are the years of the life of Ishmael, an hundred and thirty and seven years: and he gave up the ghost and died; and was gathered unto his people.
Genesis 25:27	And the boys grew: and Esau was a cunning hunter, a man of the field; and Jacob was a plain man, dwelling in tents.
Genesis 26:3	Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee, and will bless thee; for unto thee, and unto thy seed, I will give all these countries, and I will perform the oath which I sware unto Abraham thy father;
Genesis 26:13	And the man waxed great, and went forward, and grew until he became very great:
Genesis 26:23	And he went up from thence to Beersheba.
Genesis 26:33	And he called it Shebah: therefore the name of the city is Beersheba unto this day.
Genesis 27:8	Now therefore, my son, obey my voice according to that which I command thee.
Genesis 27:18	And he came unto his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I; who art thou, my son?
Genesis 27:28	Therefore God give thee of the dew of heaven, and the fatness of the earth, and plenty of corn and wine:
Genesis 27:38	And Esau said unto his father, Hast thou but one blessing, my father? bless me, even me also, O my father. And Esau lifted up his voice, and wept.
Genesis 28:2	Arise, go to Padanaram, to the house of Bethuel thy mother's father; and take thee a wife from thence of the daughters of Laban thy mother's brother.
Genesis 28:12	And he dreamed, and behold a ladder set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven: and behold the angels of God ascending and descending on it.
Genesis 28:22	And this stone, which I have set for a pillar, shall be God's house: and of all that thou shalt give me I will surely give the tenth unto thee.
Genesis 29:10	And it came to pass, when Jacob saw Rachel the daughter of Laban his mother's brother, and the sheep of Laban his mother's brother, that Jacob went near, and rolled the stone from the well's mouth, and watered the flock of Laban his mother's brother.
Genesis 29:20	And Jacob served seven years for Rachel; and they seemed unto him but a few days, for the love he had to her.
Genesis 29:30	And he went in also unto Rachel, and he loved also Rachel more than Leah, and served with him yet seven other years.
Genesis 30:5	And Bilhah conceived, and bare Jacob a son.
Genesis 30:15	And she said unto her, Is it a small matter that thou hast taken my husband? and wouldest thou take away my son's mandrakes also? And Rachel said, Therefore he shall lie with thee to night for thy son's mandrakes.
Genesis 30:25	And it came to pass, when Rachel had born Joseph, that Jacob said unto Laban, Send me away, that I may go unto mine own place, and to my country.
Genesis 30:35	And he removed that day the he goats that were ring-streaked and spotted, and all the she goats that were speckled and spotted, and every one that had some white in it, and all the brown among the sheep, and gave them into the hand of his sons.
Genesis 31:2	And Jacob beheld the countenance of Laban, and, behold, it was not toward him as before.
Genesis 31:12	And he said, Lift up now thine eyes, and see, all the rams which leap upon the cattle are ring-streaked, speckled, and grizzled: for I have seen all that Laban doeth unto thee.
Genesis 31:22	And it was told Laban on the third day that Jacob was fled.
Genesis 31:32	With whomsoever thou findest thy gods, let him not live: before our brethren discern thou what is thine with me, and take it to thee. For Jacob knew not that Rachel had stolen them.
Genesis 31:42	Except the God of my father, the God of Abraham, and the fear of Isaac, had been with me, surely thou hadst sent me away now empty. God hath seen mine affliction and the labor of my hands, and rebuked thee yesternight.
Genesis 31:52	This heap be witness, and this pillar be witness, that I will not pass over this heap to thee, and that thou shalt not pass over this heap and this pillar unto me, for harm.
Genesis 32:7	Then Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed: and he divided the people that was with him, and the flocks, and herds, and the camels, into two bands;
Genesis 32:17	And he commanded the foremost, saying, When Esau my brother meeteth thee, and asketh thee, saying, Whose art thou? and whither goest thou? and whose are these before thee?
Genesis 32:27	And he said unto him, What is thy name? And he said, Jacob.
Genesis 33:5	And he lifted up his eyes, and saw the women and the children; and said, Who are those with thee? And he said, The children which God hath graciously given thy servant.
Genesis 33:15	And Esau said, Let me now leave with thee some of the folk that are with me. And he said, What needeth it? let me find grace in the sight of my lord.
Genesis 34:5	And Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter: now his sons were with his cattle in the field: and Jacob held his peace until they were come.
Genesis 34:15	But in this will we consent unto you: If ye will be as we be, that every male of you be circumcised;
Genesis 34:25	And it came to pass on the third day, when they were sore, that two of the sons of Jacob, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brethren, took each man his sword, and came upon the city boldly, and slew all the males.
Genesis 35:4	And they gave unto Jacob all the strange gods which were in their hand, and all their earrings which were in their ears; and Jacob hid them under the oak which was by Shechem.
Genesis 35:14	And Jacob set up a pillar in the place where he talked with him, even a pillar of stone: and he poured a drink offering thereon, and he poured oil thereon.
Genesis 35:24	The sons of Rachel; Joseph, and Benjamin:
Genesis 36:5	And Aholibamah bare Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah: these are the sons of Esau, which were born unto him in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 36:15	These were dukes of the sons of Esau: the sons of Eliphaz the firstborn son of Esau; duke Teman, duke Omar, duke Zepho, duke Kenaz,
Genesis 36:25	And the children of Anah were these; Dishon, and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah.
Genesis 36:35	And Husham died, and Hadad the son of Bedad, who smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.
Genesis 37:2	These are the generations of Jacob. Joseph, being seventeen years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren; and the lad was with the sons of Bilhah, and with the sons of Zilpah, his father's wives: and Joseph brought unto his father their evil report.
Genesis 37:12	And his brethren went to feed their father's flock in Shechem.
Genesis 37:22	And Reuben said unto them, Shed no blood, but cast him into this pit that is in the wilderness, and lay no hand upon him; that he might rid him out of their hands, to deliver him to his father again.
Genesis 37:32	And they sent the coat of many colors, and they brought it to their father; and said, This have we found: know now whether it be thy son's coat or no.
Genesis 38:6	And Judah took a wife for Er his firstborn, whose name was Tamar.
Genesis 38:16	And he turned unto her by the way, and said, Go to, I pray thee, let me come in unto thee; (for he knew not that she was his daughter in law.) And she said, What wilt thou give me, that thou mayest come in unto me?
Genesis 38:26	And Judah acknowledged them, and said, She hath been more righteous than I; because that I gave her not to Shelah my son. And he knew her again no more.
Genesis 39:6	And he left all that he had in Joseph's hand; and he knew not ought he had, save the bread which he did eat. And Joseph was a goodly person, and well favored.
Genesis 39:16	And she laid up his garment by her, until his lord came home.
Genesis 40:3	And he put them in ward in the house of the captain of the guard, into the prison, the place where Joseph was bound.
Genesis 40:13	Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thine head, and restore thee unto thy place: and thou shalt deliver Pharaoh's cup into his hand, after the former manner when thou wast his butler.
Genesis 40:23	Yet did not the chief butler remember Joseph, but forgat him.
Genesis 41:10	Pharaoh was wroth with his servants, and put me in ward in the captain of the guard's house, both me and the chief baker:
Genesis 41:20	And the lean and the ill favored kine did eat up the first seven fat kine:
Genesis 41:30	And there shall arise after them seven years of famine; and all the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt; and the famine shall consume the land;
Genesis 41:40	Thou shalt be over my house, and according unto thy word shall all my people be ruled: only in the throne will I be greater than thou.
Genesis 41:50	And unto Joseph were born two sons before the years of famine came, which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto him.
Genesis 42:3	And Joseph's ten brethren went down to buy corn in Egypt.
Genesis 42:13	And they said, Thy servants are twelve brethren, the sons of one man in the land of Canaan; and, behold, the youngest is this day with our father, and one is not.
Genesis 42:23	And they knew not that Joseph understood them; for he spake unto them by an interpreter.
Genesis 42:33	And the man, the lord of the country, said unto us, Hereby shall I know that ye are true men; leave one of your brethren here with me, and take food for the famine of your households, and be gone:
Genesis 43:5	But if thou wilt not send him, we will not go down: for the man said unto us, Ye shall not see my face, except your brother be with you.
Genesis 43:15	And the men took that present, and they took double money in their hand and Benjamin; and rose up, and went down to Egypt, and stood before Joseph.
Genesis 43:25	And they made ready the present against Joseph came at noon: for they heard that they should eat bread there.
Genesis 44:1	And he commanded the steward of his house, saying, Fill the men's sacks with food, as much as they can carry, and put every man's money in his sack's mouth.
Genesis 44:11	Then they speedily took down every man his sack to the ground, and opened every man his sack.
Genesis 44:21	And thou saidst unto thy servants, Bring him down unto me, that I may set mine eyes upon him.
Genesis 44:31	It shall come to pass, when he seeth that the lad is not with us, that he will die: and thy servants shall bring down the gray hairs of thy servant our father with sorrow to the grave.
Genesis 45:7	And God sent me before you to preserve you a posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliverance.
Genesis 45:17	And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, Say unto thy brethren, This do ye; lade your beasts, and go, get you unto the land of Canaan;
Genesis 45:27	And they told him all the words of Joseph, which he had said unto them: and when he saw the wagons which Joseph had sent to carry him, the spirit of Jacob their father revived:
Genesis 46:9	And the sons of Reuben; Hanoch, and Phallu, and Hezron, and Carmi.
Genesis 46:19	The sons of Rachel Jacob's wife; Joseph, and Benjamin.
Genesis 46:29	And Joseph made ready his chariot, and went up to meet Israel his father, to Goshen, and presented himself unto him; and he fell on his neck, and wept on his neck a good while.
Genesis 47:5	And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph, saying, Thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee:
Genesis 47:15	And when money failed in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came unto Joseph, and said, Give us bread: for why should we die in thy presence? for the money faileth.
Genesis 47:25	And they said, Thou hast saved our lives: let us find grace in the sight of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants.
Genesis 48:4	And said unto me, Behold, I will make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, and I will make of thee a multitude of people; and will give this land to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession.
Genesis 48:14	And Israel stretched out his right hand, and laid it upon Ephraim's head, who was the younger, and his left hand upon Manasseh's head, guiding his hands wittingly; for Manasseh was the firstborn.
Genesis 49:2	Gather yourselves together, and hear, ye sons of Jacob; and hearken unto Israel your father.
Genesis 49:12	His eyes shall be red with wine, and his teeth white with milk.
Genesis 49:22	Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well; whose branches run over the wall:
Genesis 49:32	The purchase of the field and of the cave that is therein was from the children of Heth.
Genesis 50:9	And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen: and it was a very great company.
Genesis 50:19	And Joseph said unto them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God?
Exodus 1:3	Issachar, Zebulun, and Benjamin,
Exodus 1:13	And the Egyptians made the children of Israel to serve with rigor:
Exodus 2:1	And there went a man of the house of Levi, and took to wife a daughter of Levi.
Exodus 2:11	And it came to pass in those days, when Moses was grown, that he went out unto his brethren, and looked on their burdens: and he spied an Egyptian smiting an Hebrew, one of his brethren.
Exodus 2:21	And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter.
Exodus 3:6	Moreover he said, I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. And Moses hid his face; for he was afraid to look upon God.
Exodus 3:16	Go, and gather the elders of Israel together, and say unto them, The LORD God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob, appeared unto me, saying, I have surely visited you, and seen that which is done to you in Egypt:
Exodus 4:4	And the LORD said unto Moses, Put forth thine hand, and take it by the tail. And he put forth his hand, and caught it, and it became a rod in his hand:
Exodus 4:14	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said, Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth thee, he will be glad in his heart.
Exodus 4:24	And it came to pass by the way in the inn, that the LORD met him, and sought to kill him.
Exodus 5:3	And they said, The God of the Hebrews hath met with us: let us go, we pray thee, three days' journey into the desert, and sacrifice unto the LORD our God; lest he fall upon us with pestilence, or with the sword.
Exodus 5:13	And the taskmasters hasted them, saying, Fulfil your works, your daily tasks, as when there was straw.
Exodus 5:23	For since I came to Pharaoh to speak in thy name, he hath done evil to this people; neither hast thou delivered thy people at all.
Exodus 6:10	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 6:20	And Amram took him Jochebed his father's sister to wife; and she bare him Aaron and Moses: and the years of the life of Amram were an hundred and thirty and seven years.
Exodus 6:30	And Moses said before the LORD, Behold, I am of uncircumcised lips, and how shall Pharaoh hearken unto me?
Exodus 7:10	And Moses and Aaron went in unto Pharaoh, and they did so as the LORD had commanded: and Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh, and before his servants, and it became a serpent.
Exodus 7:20	And Moses and Aaron did so, as the LORD commanded; and he lifted up the rod, and smote the waters that were in the river, in the sight of Pharaoh, and in the sight of his servants; and all the waters that were in the river were turned to blood.
Exodus 8:5	And the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch forth thine hand with thy rod over the streams, over the rivers, and over the ponds, and cause frogs to come up upon the land of Egypt.
Exodus 8:15	But when Pharaoh saw that there was respite, he hardened his heart, and hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said.
Exodus 8:25	And Pharaoh called for Moses and for Aaron, and said, Go ye, sacrifice to your God in the land.
Exodus 9:3	Behold, the hand of the LORD is upon thy cattle which is in the field, upon the horses, upon the asses, upon the camels, upon the oxen, and upon the sheep: there shall be a very grievous murrain.
Exodus 9:13	And the LORD said unto Moses, Rise up early in the morning, and stand before Pharaoh, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they may serve me.
Exodus 9:23	And Moses stretched forth his rod toward heaven: and the LORD sent thunder and hail, and the fire ran along upon the ground; and the LORD rained hail upon the land of Egypt.
Exodus 9:33	And Moses went out of the city from Pharaoh, and spread abroad his hands unto the LORD: and the thunders and hail ceased, and the rain was not poured upon the earth.
Exodus 10:8	And Moses and Aaron were brought again unto Pharaoh: and he said unto them, Go, serve the LORD your God: but who are they that shall go?
Exodus 10:18	And he went out from Pharaoh, and entreated the LORD.
Exodus 10:28	And Pharaoh said unto him, Get thee from me, take heed to thyself, see my face no more; for in that day thou seest my face thou shalt die.
Exodus 11:9	And the LORD said unto Moses, Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you; that my wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt.
Exodus 12:9	Eat not of it raw, nor sodden at all with water, but roast with fire; his head with his legs, and with the purtenance thereof.
Exodus 12:19	Seven days shall there be no leaven found in your houses: for whosoever eateth that which is leavened, even that soul shall be cut off from the congregation of Israel, whether he be a stranger, or born in the land.
Exodus 12:29	And it came to pass, that at midnight the LORD smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of Pharaoh that sat on his throne unto the firstborn of the captive that was in the dungeon; and all the firstborn of cattle.
Exodus 12:39	And they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of Egypt, for it was not leavened; because they were thrust out of Egypt, and could not tarry, neither had they prepared for themselves any victual.
Exodus 12:49	One law shall be to him that is homeborn, and unto the stranger that sojourneth among you.
Exodus 13:8	And thou shalt show thy son in that day, saying, This is done because of that which the LORD did unto me when I came forth out of Egypt.
Exodus 13:18	But God led the people about, through the way of the wilderness of the Red sea: and the children of Israel went up harnessed out of the land of Egypt.
Exodus 14:6	And he made ready his chariot, and took his people with him:
Exodus 14:16	But lift thou up thy rod, and stretch out thine hand over the sea, and divide it: and the children of Israel shall go on dry ground through the midst of the sea.
Exodus 14:26	And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand over the sea, that the waters may come again upon the Egyptians, upon their chariots, and upon their horsemen.
Exodus 15:5	The depths have covered them: they sank into the bottom as a stone.
Exodus 15:15	Then the dukes of Edom shall be amazed; the mighty men of Moab, trembling shall take hold upon them; all the inhabitants of Canaan shall melt away.
Exodus 15:25	And he cried unto the LORD; and the LORD showed him a tree, which when he had cast into the waters, the waters were made sweet: there he made for them a statute and an ordinance, and there he proved them,
Exodus 16:8	And Moses said, This shall be, when the LORD shall give you in the evening flesh to eat, and in the morning bread to the full; for that the LORD heareth your murmurings which ye murmur against him: and what are we? your murmurings are not against us, but against the LORD.
Exodus 16:18	And when they did mete it with an omer, he that gathered much had nothing over, and he that gathered little had no lack; they gathered every man according to his eating.
Exodus 16:28	And the LORD said unto Moses, How long refuse ye to keep my commandments and my laws?
Exodus 17:2	Wherefore the people did chide with Moses, and said, Give us water that we may drink. And Moses said unto them, Why chide ye with me? wherefore do ye tempt the LORD?
Exodus 17:12	But Moses hands were heavy; and they took a stone, and put it under him, and he sat thereon; and Aaron and Hur stayed up his hands, the one on the one side, and the other on the other side; and his hands were steady until the going down of the sun.
Exodus 18:6	And he said unto Moses, I thy father in law Jethro am come unto thee, and thy wife, and her two sons with her.
Exodus 18:16	When they have a matter, they come unto me; and I judge between one and another, and I do make them know the statutes of God, and his laws.
Exodus 18:26	And they judged the people at all seasons: the hard causes they brought unto Moses, but every small matter they judged themselves.
Exodus 19:9	And the LORD said unto Moses, Lo, I come unto thee in a thick cloud, that the people may hear when I speak with thee, and believe thee for ever. And Moses told the words of the people unto the LORD.
Exodus 19:19	And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, and waxed louder and louder, Moses spake, and God answered him by a voice.
Exodus 20:4	Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth.
Exodus 20:14	Thou shalt not commit adultery.
Exodus 20:24	An altar of earth thou shalt make unto me, and shalt sacrifice thereon thy burnt offerings, and thy peace offerings, thy sheep, and thine oxen: in all places where I record my name I will come unto thee, and I will bless thee.
Exodus 21:8	If she please not her master, who hath betrothed her to himself, then shall he let her be redeemed: to sell her unto a strange nation he shall have no power, seeing he hath dealt deceitfully with her.
Exodus 21:18	And if men strive together, and one smite another with a stone, or with his fist, and he die not, but keepeth his bed:
Exodus 21:28	If an ox gore a man or a woman, that they die: then the ox shall be surely stoned, and his flesh shall not be eaten; but the owner of the ox shall be quit.
Exodus 22:2	If a thief be found breaking up, and be smitten that he die, there shall no blood be shed for him.
Exodus 22:12	And if it be stolen from him, he shall make restitution unto the owner thereof.
Exodus 22:22	Ye shall not afflict any widow, or fatherless child.
Exodus 23:1	Thou shalt not raise a false report: put not thine hand with the wicked to be an unrighteous witness.
Exodus 23:11	But the seventh year thou shalt let it rest and lie still; that the poor of thy people may eat: and what they leave the beasts of the field shall eat. In like manner thou shalt deal with thy vineyard, and with thy oliveyard.
Exodus 23:21	Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not pardon your transgressions: for my name is in him.
Exodus 23:31	And I will set thy bounds from the Red sea even unto the sea of the Philistines, and from the desert unto the river: for I will deliver the inhabitants of the land into your hand; and thou shalt drive them out before thee.
Exodus 24:8	And Moses took the blood, and sprinkled it on the people, and said, Behold the blood of the covenant, which the LORD hath made with you concerning all these words.
Exodus 24:18	And Moses went into the midst of the cloud, and gat him up into the mount: and Moses was in the mount forty days and forty nights.
Exodus 25:10	And they shall make an ark of shittim wood: two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof.
Exodus 25:20	And the cherubim shall stretch forth their wings on high, covering the mercy seat with their wings, and their faces shall look one to another; toward the mercy seat shall the faces of the cherubim be.
Exodus 25:30	And thou shalt set upon the table showbread before me always.
Exodus 25:40	And look that thou make them after their pattern, which was showed thee in the mount.
Exodus 26:10	And thou shalt make fifty loops on the edge of the one curtain that is outmost in the coupling, and fifty loops in the edge of the curtain which coupleth the second.
Exodus 26:20	And for the second side of the tabernacle on the north side there shall be twenty boards:
Exodus 26:30	And thou shalt rear up the tabernacle according to the fashion thereof which was showed thee in the mount.
Exodus 27:3	And thou shalt make his pans to receive his ashes, and his shovels, and his basins, and his fleshhooks, and his firepans: all the vessels thereof thou shalt make of brass.
Exodus 27:13	And the breadth of the court on the east side eastward shall be fifty cubits.
Exodus 28:2	And thou shalt make holy garments for Aaron thy brother for glory and for beauty.
Exodus 28:12	And thou shalt put the two stones upon the shoulders of the ephod for stones of memorial unto the children of Israel: and Aaron shall bear their names before the LORD upon his two shoulders for a memorial.
Exodus 28:22	And thou shalt make upon the breastplate chains at the ends of wreathed work of pure gold.
Exodus 28:32	And there shall be an hole in the top of it, in the midst thereof: it shall have a binding of woven work round about the hole of it, as it were the hole of an habergeon, that it be not rent.
Exodus 28:42	And thou shalt make them linen breeches to cover their nakedness; from the loins even unto the thighs they shall reach:
Exodus 29:9	And thou shalt gird them with girdles, Aaron and his sons, and put the bonnets on them: and the priest's office shall be theirs for a perpetual statute: and thou shalt consecrate Aaron and his sons.
Exodus 29:19	And thou shalt take the other ram; and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the ram.
Exodus 29:29	And the holy garments of Aaron shall be his sons' after him, to be anointed therein, and to be consecrated in them.
Exodus 29:39	The one lamb thou shalt offer in the morning; and the other lamb thou shalt offer at even:
Exodus 30:3	And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, the top thereof, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns thereof; and thou shalt make unto it a crown of gold round about.
Exodus 30:13	This they shall give, every one that passeth among them that are numbered, half a shekel after the shekel of the sanctuary: (a shekel is twenty gerahs:) an half shekel shall be the offering of the LORD.
Exodus 30:23	Take thou also unto thee principal spices, of pure myrrh five hundred shekels, and of sweet cinnamon half so much, even two hundred and fifty shekels, and of sweet calamus two hundred and fifty shekels,
Exodus 30:33	Whosoever compoundeth any like it, or whosoever putteth any of it upon a stranger, shall even be cut off from his people.
Exodus 31:5	And in cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of timber, to work in all manner of workmanship.
Exodus 31:15	Six days may work be done; but in the seventh is the sabbath of rest, holy to the LORD: whosoever doeth any work in the sabbath day, he shall surely be put to death.
Exodus 32:7	And the LORD said unto Moses, Go, get thee down; for thy people, which thou broughtest out of the land of Egypt, have corrupted themselves:
Exodus 32:17	And when Joshua heard the noise of the people as they shouted, he said unto Moses, There is a noise of war in the camp.
Exodus 32:27	And he said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Put every man his sword by his side, and go in and out from gate to gate throughout the camp, and slay every man his brother, and every man his companion, and every man his neighbor.
Exodus 33:2	And I will send an angel before thee; and I will drive out the Canaanite, the Amorite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite:
Exodus 33:12	And Moses said unto the LORD, See, thou sayest unto me, Bring up this people: and thou hast not let me know whom thou wilt send with me. Yet thou hast said, I know thee by name, and thou hast also found grace in my sight.
Exodus 33:22	And it shall come to pass, while my glory passeth by, that I will put thee in a cleft of the rock, and will cover thee with my hand while I pass by:
Exodus 34:9	And he said, If now I have found grace in thy sight, O LORD, let my LORD, I pray thee, go among us; for it is a stiffnecked people; and pardon our iniquity and our sin, and take us for thine inheritance.
Exodus 34:19	All that openeth the matrix is mine; and every firstling among thy cattle, whether ox or sheep, that is male.
Exodus 34:29	And it came to pass, when Moses came down from mount Sinai with the two tables of testimony in Moses' hand, when he came down from the mount, that Moses wist not that the skin of his face shone while he talked with him.
Exodus 35:4	And Moses spake unto all the congregation of the children of Israel, saying, This is the thing which the LORD commanded, saying,
Exodus 35:14	The candlestick also for the light, and his furniture, and his lamps, with the oil for the light,
Exodus 35:24	Every one that did offer an offering of silver and brass brought the LORD's offering: and every man, with whom was found shittim wood for any work of the service, brought it.
Exodus 35:34	And he hath put in his heart that he may teach, both he, and Aholiab, the son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan.
Exodus 36:9	The length of one curtain was twenty and eight cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: the curtains were all of one size.
Exodus 36:19	And he made a covering for the tent of rams' skins dyed red, and a covering of badgers' skins above that.
Exodus 36:29	And they were coupled beneath, and coupled together at the head thereof, to one ring: thus he did to both of them in both the corners.
Exodus 37:1	And Bezaleel made the ark of shittim wood: two cubits and a half was the length of it, and a cubit and a half the breadth of it, and a cubit and a half the height of it:
Exodus 37:11	And he overlaid it with pure gold, and made thereunto a crown of gold round about.
Exodus 37:21	And a knop under two branches of the same, and a knop under two branches of the same, and a knop under two branches of the same, according to the six branches going out of it.
Exodus 38:2	And he made the horns thereof on the four corners of it; the horns thereof were of the same: and he overlaid it with brass.
Exodus 38:12	And for the west side were hangings of fifty cubits, their pillars ten, and their sockets ten; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver.
Exodus 38:22	And Bezaleel the son Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah, made all that the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:1	And of the blue, and purple, and scarlet, they made cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, and made the holy garments for Aaron; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:11	And the second row, an emerald, a sapphire, and a diamond.
Exodus 39:21	And they did bind the breastplate by his rings unto the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue, that it might be above the curious girdle of the ephod, and that the breastplate might not be loosed from the ephod; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:31	And they tied unto it a lace of blue, to fasten it on high upon the mitre; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:41	The cloths of service to do service in the holy place, and the holy garments for Aaron the priest, and his sons' garments, to minister in the priest's office.
Exodus 40:8	And thou shalt set up the court round about, and hang up the hanging at the court gate.
Exodus 40:18	And Moses reared up the tabernacle, and fastened his sockets, and set up the boards thereof, and put in the bars thereof, and reared up his pillars.
Exodus 40:28	And he set up the hanging at the door of the tabernacle.
Exodus 40:38	For the cloud of the LORD was upon the tabernacle by day, and fire was on it by night, in the sight of all the house of Israel, throughout all their journeys.
Leviticus 1:10	And if his offering be of the flocks, namely, of the sheep, or of the goats, for a burnt sacrifice; he shall bring it a male without blemish.
Leviticus 2:3	And the remnant of the meat offering shall be Aaron's and his sons': it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire.
Leviticus 2:13	And every oblation of thy meat offering shalt thou season with salt; neither shalt thou suffer the salt of the covenant of thy God to be lacking from thy meat offering: with all thine offerings thou shalt offer salt.
Leviticus 3:7	If he offer a lamb for his offering, then shall he offer it before the LORD.
Leviticus 3:17	It shall be a perpetual statute for your generations throughout all your dwellings, that ye eat neither fat nor blood.
Leviticus 4:10	As it was taken off from the bullock of the sacrifice of peace offerings: and the priest shall burn them upon the altar of the burnt offering.
Leviticus 4:20	And he shall do with the bullock as he did with the bullock for a sin offering, so shall he do with this: and the priest shall make an atonement for them, and it shall be forgiven them.
Leviticus 4:30	And the priest shall take of the blood thereof with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out all the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar.
Leviticus 5:5	And it shall be, when he shall be guilty in one of these things, that he shall confess that he hath sinned in that thing:
Leviticus 5:15	If a soul commit a trespass, and sin through ignorance, in the holy things of the LORD; then he shall bring for his trespass unto the LORD a ram without blemish out of the flocks, with thy estimation by shekels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary, for a trespass offering.
Leviticus 6:6	And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD, a ram without blemish out of the flock, with thy estimation, for a trespass offering, unto the priest:
Leviticus 6:16	And the remainder thereof shall Aaron and his sons eat: with unleavened bread shall it be eaten in the holy place; in the court of the tabernacle of the congregation they shall eat it.
Leviticus 6:26	The priest that offereth it for sin shall eat it: in the holy place shall it be eaten, in the court of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Leviticus 7:6	Every male among the priests shall eat thereof: it shall be eaten in the holy place: it is most holy.
Leviticus 7:16	But if the sacrifice of his offering be a vow, or a voluntary offering, it shall be eaten the same day that he offereth his sacrifice: and on the morrow also the remainder of it shall be eaten:
Leviticus 7:26	Moreover ye shall eat no manner of blood, whether it be of fowl or of beast, in any of your dwellings.
Leviticus 7:36	Which the LORD commanded to be given them of the children of Israel, in the day that he anointed them, by a statute for ever throughout their generations.
Leviticus 8:8	And he put the breastplate upon him: also he put in the breastplate the Urim and the Thummim.
Leviticus 8:18	And he brought the ram for the burnt offering: and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the ram.
Leviticus 8:28	And Moses took them from off their hands, and burnt them on the altar upon the burnt offering: they were consecrations for a sweet savor: it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD.
Leviticus 9:2	And he said unto Aaron, Take thee a young calf for a sin offering, and a ram for a burnt offering, without blemish, and offer them before the LORD.
Leviticus 9:12	And he slew the burnt offering; and Aaron's sons presented unto him the blood, which he sprinkled round about upon the altar.
Leviticus 9:22	And Aaron lifted up his hand toward the people, and blessed them, and came down from offering of the sin offering, and the burnt offering, and peace offerings.
Leviticus 10:8	And the LORD spake unto Aaron, saying,
Leviticus 10:18	Behold, the blood of it was not brought in within the holy place: ye should indeed have eaten it in the holy place, as I commanded.
Leviticus 11:8	Of their flesh shall ye not eat, and their carcass shall ye not touch; they are unclean to you.
Leviticus 11:18	And the swan, and the pelican, and the gier eagle,
Leviticus 11:28	And he that beareth the carcass of them shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: they are unclean unto you.
Leviticus 11:38	But if any water be put upon the seed, and any part of their carcass fall thereon, it shall be unclean unto you.
Leviticus 12:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 13:3	And the priest shall look on the plague in the skin of the flesh: and when the hair in the plague is turned white, and the plague in sight be deeper than the skin of his flesh, it is a plague of leprosy: and the priest shall look on him, and pronounce him unclean.
Leviticus 13:13	Then the priest shall consider: and, behold, if the leprosy have covered all his flesh, he shall pronounce him clean that hath the plague: it is all turned white: he is clean.
Leviticus 13:23	But if the bright spot stay in his place, and spread not, it is a burning boil; and the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Leviticus 13:33	He shall be shaven, but the scall shall he not shave; and the priest shall shut up him that hath the scall seven days more:
Leviticus 13:43	Then the priest shall look upon it: and, behold, if the rising of the sore be white reddish in his bald head, or in his bald forehead, as the leprosy appeareth in the skin of the flesh;
Leviticus 13:53	And if the priest shall look, and, behold, the plague be not spread in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin;
Leviticus 14:4	Then shall the priest command to take for him that is to be cleansed two birds alive and clean, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop:
Leviticus 14:14	And the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering, and the priest shall put it upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot:
Leviticus 14:24	And the priest shall take the lamb of the trespass offering, and the log of oil, and the priest shall wave them for a wave offering before the LORD:
Leviticus 14:34	When ye be come into the land of Canaan, which I give to you for a possession, and I put the plague of leprosy in a house of the land of your possession;
Leviticus 14:44	Then the priest shall come and look, and, behold, if the plague be spread in the house, it is a fretting leprosy in the house; it is unclean.
Leviticus 14:54	This is the law for all manner of plague of leprosy, and scall,
Leviticus 15:7	And he that toucheth the flesh of him that hath the issue shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 15:17	And every garment, and every skin, whereon is the seed of copulation, shall be washed with water, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 15:27	And whosoever toucheth those things shall be unclean, and shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 16:4	He shall put on the holy linen coat, and he shall have the linen breeches upon his flesh, and shall be girded with a linen girdle, and with the linen mitre shall he be attired: these are holy garments; therefore shall he wash his flesh in water, and so put them on.
Leviticus 16:14	And he shall take of the blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it with his finger upon the mercy seat eastward; and before the mercy seat shall he sprinkle of the blood with his finger seven times.
Leviticus 16:24	And he shall wash his flesh with water in the holy place, and put on his garments, and come forth, and offer his burnt offering, and the burnt offering of the people, and make an atonement for himself, and for the people.
Leviticus 16:34	And this shall be an everlasting statute unto you, to make an atonement for the children of Israel for all their sins once a year. And he did as the LORD commanded Moses.
Leviticus 17:10	And whatsoever man there be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers that sojourn among you, that eateth any manner of blood; I will even set my face against that soul that eateth blood, and will cut him off from among his people.
Leviticus 18:4	Ye shall do my judgments, and keep mine ordinances, to walk therein: I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 18:14	Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy father's brother, thou shalt not approach to his wife: she is thine aunt.
Leviticus 18:24	Defile not ye yourselves in any of these things: for in all these the nations are defiled which I cast out before you:
Leviticus 19:4	Turn ye not unto idols, nor make to yourselves molten gods: I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 19:14	Thou shalt not curse the deaf, nor put a stumbling-block before the blind, but shalt fear thy God: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 19:24	But in the fourth year all the fruit thereof shall be holy to praise the LORD withal.
Leviticus 19:34	But the stranger that dwelleth with you shall be unto you as one born among you, and thou shalt love him as thyself; for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 20:7	Sanctify yourselves therefore, and be ye holy: for I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 20:17	And if a man shall take his sister, his father's daughter, or his mother's daughter, and see her nakedness, and she see his nakedness; it is a wicked thing; and they shall be cut off in the sight of their people: he hath uncovered his sister's nakedness; he shall bear his iniquity.
Leviticus 20:27	A man also or woman that hath a familiar spirit, or that is a wizard, shall surely be put to death: they shall stone them with stones: their blood shall be upon them.
Leviticus 21:10	And he that is the high priest among his brethren, upon whose head the anointing oil was poured, and that is consecrated to put on the garments, shall not uncover his head, nor rend his clothes;
Leviticus 21:20	Or crookbacked, or a dwarf, or that hath a blemish in his eye, or be scurvy, or scabbed, or hath his stones broken;
Leviticus 22:6	The soul which hath touched any such shall be unclean until even, and shall not eat of the holy things, unless he wash his flesh with water.
Leviticus 22:16	Or suffer them to bear the iniquity of trespass, when they eat their holy things: for I the LORD do sanctify them.
Leviticus 22:26	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 23:3	Six days shall work be done: but the seventh day is the sabbath of rest, an holy convocation; ye shall do no work therein: it is the sabbath of the LORD in all your dwellings.
Leviticus 23:13	And the meat offering thereof shall be two tenth deals of fine flour mingled with oil, an offering made by fire unto the LORD for a sweet savor: and the drink offering thereof shall be of wine, the fourth part of an hin.
Leviticus 23:23	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 23:33	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 23:43	That your generations may know that I made the children of Israel to dwell in booths, when I brought them out of the land of Egypt: I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 24:9	And it shall be Aaron's and his sons'; and they shall eat it in the holy place: for it is most holy unto him of the offerings of the LORD made by fire by a perpetual statute.
Leviticus 24:19	And if a man cause a blemish in his neighbor; as he hath done, so shall it be done to him;
Leviticus 25:6	And the sabbath of the land shall be meat for you; for thee, and for thy servant, and for thy maid, and for thy hired servant, and for thy stranger that sojourneth with thee.
Leviticus 25:16	According to the multitude of years thou shalt increase the price thereof, and according to the fewness of years thou shalt diminish the price of it: for according to the number of the years of the fruits doth he sell unto thee.
Leviticus 25:26	And if the man have none to redeem it, and himself be able to redeem it;
Leviticus 25:36	Take thou no usury of him, or increase: but fear thy God; that thy brother may live with thee.
Leviticus 25:46	And ye shall take them as an inheritance for your children after you, to inherit them for a possession; they shall be your bondmen for ever: but over your brethren the children of Israel, ye shall not rule one over another with rigor.
Leviticus 26:1	Ye shall make you no idols nor graven image, neither rear you up a standing image, neither shall ye set up any image of stone in your land, to bow down unto it: for I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 26:11	And I set my tabernacle among you: and my soul shall not abhor you.
Leviticus 26:21	And if ye walk contrary unto me, and will not hearken unto me; I will bring seven times more plagues upon you according to your sins.
Leviticus 26:31	And I will make your cities waste, and bring your sanctuaries unto desolation, and I will not smell the savor of your sweet odors.
Leviticus 26:41	And that I also have walked contrary unto them, and have brought them into the land of their enemies; if then their uncircumcised hearts be humbled, and they then accept of the punishment of their iniquity:
Leviticus 27:5	And if it be from five years old even unto twenty years old, then thy estimation shall be of the male twenty shekels, and for the female ten shekels.
Leviticus 27:15	And if he that sanctified it will redeem his house, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it, and it shall be his.
Leviticus 27:25	And all thy estimations shall be according to the shekel of the sanctuary: twenty gerahs shall be the shekel.
Numbers 1:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the tabernacle of the congregation, on the first day of the second month, in the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt, saying,
Numbers 1:11	Of Benjamin; Abidan the son of Gideoni.
Numbers 1:21	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Reuben, were forty and six thousand and five hundred.
Numbers 1:31	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Zebulun, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred.
Numbers 1:41	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Asher, were forty and one thousand and five hundred.
Numbers 1:51	And when the tabernacle setteth forward, the Levites shall take it down: and when the tabernacle is to be pitched, the Levites shall set it up: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death.
Numbers 2:7	Then the tribe of Zebulun: and Eliab the son of Helon shall be captain of the children of Zebulun.
Numbers 2:17	Then the tabernacle of the congregation shall set forward with the camp of the Levites in the midst of the camp: as they encamp, so shall they set forward, every man in his place by their standards.
Numbers 2:27	And those that encamp by him shall be the tribe of Asher: and the captain of the children of Asher shall be Pagiel the son of Ocran.
Numbers 3:3	These are the names of the sons of Aaron, the priests which were anointed, whom he consecrated to minister in the priest's office.
Numbers 3:13	Because all the firstborn are mine; for on the day that I smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt I hallowed unto me all the firstborn in Israel, both man and beast: mine shall they be: I am the LORD.
Numbers 3:23	The families of the Gershonites shall pitch behind the tabernacle westward.
Numbers 3:33	Of Merari was the family of the Mahlites, and the family of the Mushites: these are the families of Merari.
Numbers 3:43	And all the firstborn males by the number of names, from a month old and upward, of those that were numbered of them, were twenty and two thousand two hundred and threescore and thirteen.
Numbers 4:2	Take the sum of the sons of Kohath from among the sons of Levi, after their families, by the house of their fathers,
Numbers 4:12	And they shall take all the instruments of ministry, wherewith they minister in the sanctuary, and put them in a cloth of blue, and cover them with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put them on a bar:
Numbers 4:22	Take also the sum of the sons of Gershon, throughout the houses of their fathers, by their families;
Numbers 4:32	And the pillars of the court round about, and their sockets, and their pins, and their cords, with all their instruments, and with all their service: and by name ye shall reckon the instruments of the charge of their burden.
Numbers 4:42	And those that were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari, throughout their families, by the house of their fathers,
Numbers 5:3	Both male and female shall ye put out, without the camp shall ye put them; that they defile not their camps, in the midst whereof I dwell.
Numbers 5:13	And a man lie with her carnally, and it be hid from the eyes of her husband, and be kept close, and she be defiled, and there be no witness against her, neither she be taken with the manner;
Numbers 5:23	And the priest shall write these curses in a book, and he shall blot them out with the bitter water:
Numbers 6:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When either man or woman shall separate themselves to vow a vow of a Nazarite, to separate themselves unto the LORD:
Numbers 6:12	And he shall consecrate unto the LORD the days of his separation, and shall bring a lamb of the first year for a trespass offering: but the days that were before shall be lost, because his separation was defiled.
Numbers 6:22	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 7:5	Take it of them, that they may be to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation; and thou shalt give them unto the Levites, to every man according to his service.
Numbers 7:15	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Numbers 7:25	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Numbers 7:35	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Elizur the son of Shedeur.
Numbers 7:45	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Numbers 7:55	His offering was one silver charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Numbers 7:65	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Abidan the son of Gideoni.
Numbers 7:75	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Numbers 7:85	Each charger of silver weighing an hundred and thirty shekels, each bowl seventy: all the silver vessels weighed two thousand and four hundred shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary:
Numbers 8:6	Take the Levites from among the children of Israel, and cleanse them.
Numbers 8:16	For they are wholly given unto me from among the children of Israel; instead of such as open every womb, even instead of the firstborn of all the children of Israel, have I taken them unto me.
Numbers 8:26	But shall minister with their brethren in the tabernacle of the congregation, to keep the charge, and shall do no service. Thus shalt thou do unto the Levites touching their charge.
Numbers 9:10	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If any man of you or of your posterity shall be unclean by reason of a dead body, or be in a journey afar off, yet he shall keep the passover unto the LORD.
Numbers 9:20	And so it was, when the cloud was a few days upon the tabernacle; according to the commandment of the LORD they abode in their tents, and according to the commandment of the LORD they journeyed.
Numbers 10:7	But when the congregation is to be gathered together, ye shall blow, but ye shall not sound an alarm.
Numbers 10:17	And the tabernacle was taken down; and the sons of Gershon and the sons of Merari set forward, bearing the tabernacle.
Numbers 10:27	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Naphtali was Ahira the son of Enan.
Numbers 11:1	And when the people complained, it displeased the LORD: and the LORD heard it; and his anger was kindled; and the fire of the LORD burnt among them, and consumed them that were in the uttermost parts of the camp.
Numbers 11:11	And Moses said unto the LORD, Wherefore hast thou afflicted thy servant? and wherefore have I not found favor in thy sight, that thou layest the burden of all this people upon me?
Numbers 11:21	And Moses said, The people, among whom I am, are six hundred thousand footmen; and thou hast said, I will give them flesh, that they may eat a whole month.
Numbers 11:31	And there went forth a wind from the LORD, and brought quails from the sea, and let them fall by the camp, as it were a day's journey on this side, and as it were a day's journey on the other side, round about the camp, and as it were two cubits high upon the face of the earth.
Numbers 12:6	And he said, Hear now my words: If there be a prophet among you, I the LORD will make myself known unto him in a vision, and will speak unto him in a dream.
Numbers 12:16	And afterward the people removed from Hazeroth, and pitched in the wilderness of Paran.
Numbers 13:10	Of the tribe of Zebulun, Gaddiel the son of Sodi.
Numbers 13:20	And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes.
Numbers 13:30	And Caleb stilled the people before Moses, and said, Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it.
Numbers 14:7	And they spake unto all the company of the children of Israel, saying, The land, which we passed through to search it, is an exceeding good land.
Numbers 14:17	And now, I beseech thee, let the power of my Lord be great, according as thou hast spoken, saying,
Numbers 14:27	How long shall I bear with this evil congregation, which murmur against me? I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel, which they murmur against me.
Numbers 14:37	Even those men that did bring up the evil report upon the land, died by the plague before the LORD.
Numbers 15:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come into the land of your habitations, which I give unto you,
Numbers 15:12	According to the number that ye shall prepare, so shall ye do to every one according to their number.
Numbers 15:22	And if ye have erred, and not observed all these commandments, which the LORD hath spoken unto Moses,
Numbers 15:32	And while the children of Israel were in the wilderness, they found a man that gathered sticks upon the sabbath day.
Numbers 16:1	Now Korah, the son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, and Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, and On, the son of Peleth, sons of Reuben, took men:
Numbers 16:11	For which cause both thou and all thy company are gathered together against the LORD: and what is Aaron, that ye murmur against him?
Numbers 16:21	Separate yourselves from among this congregation, that I may consume them in a moment.
Numbers 16:31	And it came to pass, as he had made an end of speaking all these words, that the ground clave asunder that was under them:
Numbers 16:41	But on the morrow all the congregation of the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron, saying, Ye have killed the people of the LORD.
Numbers 17:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 17:11	And Moses did so: as the LORD commanded him, so did he.
Numbers 18:8	And the LORD spake unto Aaron, Behold, I also have given thee the charge of mine heave offerings of all the hallowed things of the children of Israel; unto thee have I given them by reason of the anointing, and to thy sons, by an ordinance for ever.
Numbers 18:18	And the flesh of them shall be thine, as the wave breast and as the right shoulder are thine.
Numbers 18:28	Thus ye also shall offer an heave offering unto the LORD of all your tithes, which ye receive of the children of Israel; and ye shall give thereof the LORD's heave offering to Aaron the priest.
Numbers 19:6	And the priest shall take cedar wood, and hyssop, and scarlet, and cast it into the midst of the burning of the heifer.
Numbers 19:16	And whosoever toucheth one that is slain with a sword in the open fields, or a dead body, or a bone of a man, or a grave, shall be unclean seven days.
Numbers 20:4	And why have ye brought up the congregation of the LORD into this wilderness, that we and our cattle should die there?
Numbers 20:14	And Moses sent messengers from Kadesh unto the king of Edom, Thus saith thy brother Israel, Thou knowest all the travail that hath befallen us:
Numbers 20:24	Aaron shall be gathered unto his people: for he shall not enter into the land which I have given unto the children of Israel, because ye rebelled against my word at the water of Meribah.
Numbers 21:5	And the people spake against God, and against Moses, Wherefore have ye brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? for there is no bread, neither is there any water; and our soul loatheth this light bread.
Numbers 21:15	And at the stream of the brooks that goeth down to the dwelling of Ar, and lieth upon the border of Moab.
Numbers 21:25	And Israel took all these cities: and Israel dwelt in all the cities of the Amorites, in Heshbon, and in all the villages thereof.
Numbers 21:35	So they smote him, and his sons, and all his people, until there was none left him alive: and they possessed his land.
Numbers 22:10	And Balaam said unto God, Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab, hath sent unto me, saying,
Numbers 22:20	And God came unto Balaam at night, and said unto him, If the men come to call thee, rise up, and go with them; but yet the word which I shall say unto thee, that shalt thou do.
Numbers 22:30	And the ass said unto Balaam, Am not I thine ass, upon which thou hast ridden ever since I was thine unto this day? was I ever wont to do so unto thee? And he said, Nay.
Numbers 22:40	And Balak offered oxen and sheep, and sent to Balaam, and to the princes that were with him.
Numbers 23:9	For from the top of the rocks I see him, and from the hills I behold him: lo, the people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations.
Numbers 23:19	God is not a man, that he should lie; neither the son of man, that he should repent: hath he said, and shall he not do it? or hath he spoken, and shall he not make it good?
Numbers 23:29	And Balaam said unto Balak, Build me here seven altars, and prepare me here seven bullocks and seven rams.
Numbers 24:9	He couched, he lay down as a lion, and as a great lion: who shall stir him up? Blessed is he that blesseth thee, and cursed is he that curseth thee.
Numbers 24:19	Out of Jacob shall come he that shall have dominion, and shall destroy him that remaineth of the city.
Numbers 25:4	And the LORD said unto Moses, Take all the heads of the people, and hang them up before the LORD against the sun, that the fierce anger of the LORD may be turned away from Israel.
Numbers 25:14	Now the name of the Israelite that was slain, even that was slain with the Midianitish woman, was Zimri, the son of Salu, a prince of a chief house among the Simeonites.
Numbers 26:6	Of Hezron, the family of the Hezronites: of Carmi, the family of the Carmites.
Numbers 26:16	Of Ozni, the family of the Oznites: of Eri, the family of the Erites:
Numbers 26:26	Of the sons of Zebulun after their families: of Sered, the family of the Sardites: of Elon, the family of the Elonites: of Jahleel, the family of the Jahleelites.
Numbers 26:36	And these are the sons of Shuthelah: of Eran, the family of the Eranites.
Numbers 26:46	And the name of the daughter of Asher was Sarah.
Numbers 26:56	According to the lot shall the possession thereof be divided between many and few.
Numbers 27:1	Then came the daughters of Zelophehad, the son of Hepher, the son of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh, of the families of Manasseh the son of Joseph: and these are the names of his daughters; Mahlah, Noah, and Hoglah, and Milcah, and Tirzah.
Numbers 27:11	And if his father have no brethren, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his kinsman that is next to him of his family, and he shall possess it: and it shall be unto the children of Israel a statute of judgment, as the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 27:21	And he shall stand before Eleazar the priest, who shall ask counsel for him after the judgment of Urim before the LORD: at his word shall they go out, and at his word they shall come in, both he, and all the children of Israel with him, even all the congregation.
Numbers 28:8	And the other lamb shalt thou offer at even: as the meat offering of the morning, and as the drink offering thereof, thou shalt offer it, a sacrifice made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.
Numbers 28:18	In the first day shall be an holy convocation; ye shall do no manner of servile work therein:
Numbers 28:28	And their meat offering of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals unto one bullock, two tenth deals unto one ram,
Numbers 29:7	And ye shall have on the tenth day of this seventh month an holy convocation; and ye shall afflict your souls: ye shall not do any work therein:
Numbers 29:17	And on the second day ye shall offer twelve young bullocks, two rams, fourteen lambs of the first year without spot:
Numbers 29:27	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:
Numbers 29:37	Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullock, for the ram, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:
Numbers 30:7	And her husband heard it, and held his peace at her in the day that he heard it: then her vows shall stand, and her bonds wherewith she bound her soul shall stand.
Numbers 31:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 31:11	And they took all the spoil, and all the prey, both of men and of beasts.
Numbers 31:21	And Eleazar the priest said unto the men of war which went to the battle, This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD commanded Moses;
Numbers 31:31	And Moses and Eleazar the priest did as the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 31:41	And Moses gave the tribute, which was the LORD's heave offering, unto Eleazar the priest, as the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 31:51	And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold of them, even all wrought jewels.
Numbers 32:7	And wherefore discourage ye the heart of the children of Israel from going over into the land which the LORD hath given them?
Numbers 32:17	But we ourselves will go ready armed before the children of Israel, until we have brought them unto their place: and our little ones shall dwell in the fenced cities because of the inhabitants of the land.
Numbers 32:27	But thy servants will pass over, every man armed for war, before the Lord to battle, as my lord saith.
Numbers 32:37	And the children of Reuben built Heshbon, and Elealeh, and Kirjathaim,
Numbers 33:5	And the children of Israel removed from Rameses, and pitched in Succoth.
Numbers 33:15	And they departed from Rephidim, and pitched in the wilderness of Sinai.
Numbers 33:25	And they removed from Haradah, and pitched in Makheloth.
Numbers 33:35	And they departed from Ebronah, and encamped at Eziongaber.
Numbers 33:45	And they departed from Iim, and pitched in Dibongad.
Numbers 33:55	But if ye will not drive out the inhabitants of the land from before you; then it shall come to pass, that those which ye let remain of them shall be pricks in your eyes, and thorns in your sides, and shall vex you in the land wherein ye dwell.
Numbers 34:9	And the border shall go on to Ziphron, and the goings out of it shall be at Hazarenan: this shall be your north border.
Numbers 34:19	And the names of the men are these: Of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
Numbers 34:29	These are they whom the LORD commanded to divide the inheritance unto the children of Israel in the land of Canaan.
Numbers 35:10	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come over Jordan into the land of Canaan;
Numbers 35:20	But if he thrust him of hatred, or hurl at him by laying of wait, that he die;
Numbers 35:30	Whoso killeth any person, the murderer shall be put to death by the mouth of witnesses: but one witness shall not testify against any person to cause him to die.
Numbers 36:6	This is the thing which the LORD doth command concerning the daughters of Zelophehad, saying, Let them marry to whom they think best; only to the family of the tribe of their father shall they marry.
Deuteronomy 1:3	And it came to pass in the fortieth year, in the eleventh month, on the first day of the month, that Moses spake unto the children of Israel, according unto all that the LORD had given him in commandment unto them;
Deuteronomy 1:13	Take you wise men, and understanding, and known among your tribes, and I will make them rulers over you.
Deuteronomy 1:23	And the saying pleased me well: and I took twelve men of you, one of a tribe:
Deuteronomy 1:33	Who went in the way before you, to search you out a place to pitch your tents in, in fire by night, to show you by what way ye should go, and in a cloud by day.
Deuteronomy 1:43	So I spake unto you; and ye would not hear, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD, and went presumptuously up into the hill.
Deuteronomy 2:7	For the LORD thy God hath blessed thee in all the works of thy hand: he knoweth thy walking through this great wilderness: these forty years the LORD thy God hath been with thee; thou hast lacked nothing.
Deuteronomy 2:17	That the LORD spake unto me, saying,
Deuteronomy 2:27	Let me pass through thy land: I will go along by the high way, I will neither turn unto the right hand nor to the left.
Deuteronomy 2:37	Only unto the land of the children of Ammon thou camest not, nor unto any place of the river Jabbok, nor unto the cities in the mountains, nor unto whatsoever the LORD our God forbade us.
Deuteronomy 3:10	All the cities of the plain, and all Gilead, and all Bashan, unto Salchah and Edrei, cities of the kingdom of Og in Bashan.
Deuteronomy 3:20	Until the LORD have given rest unto your brethren, as well as unto you, and until they also possess the land which the LORD your God hath given them beyond Jordan: and then shall ye return every man unto his possession, which I have given you.
Deuteronomy 4:1	Now therefore hearken, O Israel, unto the statutes and unto the judgments, which I teach you, for to do them, that ye may live, and go in and possess the land which the LORD God of your fathers giveth you.
Deuteronomy 4:11	And ye came near and stood under the mountain; and the mountain burned with fire unto the midst of heaven, with darkness, clouds, and thick darkness.
Deuteronomy 4:21	Furthermore the LORD was angry with me for your sakes, and sware that I should not go over Jordan, and that I should not go in unto that good land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance:
Deuteronomy 4:31	(For the LORD thy God is a merciful God;) he will not forsake thee, neither destroy thee, nor forget the covenant of thy fathers which he sware unto them.
Deuteronomy 4:41	Then Moses severed three cities on this side Jordan toward the sunrising;
Deuteronomy 5:2	The LORD our God made a covenant with us in Horeb.
Deuteronomy 5:12	Keep the sabbath day to sanctify it, as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee.
Deuteronomy 5:22	These words the LORD spake unto all your assembly in the mount out of the midst of the fire, of the cloud, and of the thick darkness, with a great voice: and he added no more. And he wrote them in two tables of stone, and delivered them unto me.
Deuteronomy 5:32	Ye shall observe to do therefore as the LORD your God hath commanded you: ye shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left.
Deuteronomy 6:9	And thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy house, and on thy gates.
Deuteronomy 6:19	To cast out all thine enemies from before thee, as the LORD hath spoken.
Deuteronomy 7:4	For they will turn away thy son from following me, that they may serve other gods: so will the anger of the LORD be kindled against you, and destroy thee suddenly.
Deuteronomy 7:14	Thou shalt be blessed above all people: there shall not be male or female barren among you, or among your cattle.
Deuteronomy 7:24	And he shall deliver their kings into thine hand, and thou shalt destroy their name from under heaven: there shall no man be able to stand before thee, until thou have destroyed them.
Deuteronomy 8:8	A land of wheat, and barley, and vines, and fig trees, and pomegranates; a land of oil olive, and honey;
Deuteronomy 8:18	But thou shalt remember the LORD thy God: for it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth, that he may establish his covenant which he sware unto thy fathers, as it is this day.
Deuteronomy 9:8	Also in Horeb ye provoked the LORD to wrath, so that the LORD was angry with you to have destroyed you.
Deuteronomy 9:18	And I fell down before the LORD, as at the first, forty days and forty nights: I did neither eat bread, nor drink water, because of all your sins which ye sinned, in doing wickedly in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger.
Deuteronomy 9:28	Lest the land whence thou broughtest us out say, Because the LORD was not able to bring them into the land which he promised them, and because he hated them, he hath brought them out to slay them in the wilderness.
Deuteronomy 10:9	Wherefore Levi hath no part nor inheritance with his brethren; the LORD is his inheritance, according as the LORD thy God promised him.
Deuteronomy 10:19	Love ye therefore the stranger: for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt.
Deuteronomy 11:7	But your eyes have seen all the great acts of the LORD which he did.
Deuteronomy 11:17	And then the LORD's wrath be kindled against you, and he shut up the heaven, that there be no rain, and that the land yield not her fruit; and lest ye perish quickly from off the good land which the LORD giveth you.
Deuteronomy 11:27	A blessing, if ye obey the commandments of the LORD your God, which I command you this day:
Deuteronomy 12:5	But unto the place which the LORD your God shall choose out of all your tribes to put his name there, even unto his habitation shall ye seek, and thither thou shalt come:
Deuteronomy 12:15	Notwithstanding thou mayest kill and eat flesh in all thy gates, whatsoever thy soul lusteth after, according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee: the unclean and the clean may eat thereof, as of the roebuck, and as of the hart.
Deuteronomy 12:25	Thou shalt not eat it; that it may go well with thee, and with thy children after thee, when thou shalt do that which is right in the sight of the LORD.
Deuteronomy 13:3	Thou shalt not hearken unto the words of that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams: for the LORD your God proveth you, to know whether ye love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul.
Deuteronomy 13:13	Certain men, the children of Belial, are gone out from among you, and have withdrawn the inhabitants of their city, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which ye have not known;
Deuteronomy 14:5	The hart, and the roebuck, and the fallow deer, and the wild goat, and the pygarg, and the wild ox, and the chamois.
Deuteronomy 14:15	And the owl, and the night hawk, and the cuckoo, and the hawk after his kind,
Deuteronomy 14:25	Then shalt thou turn it into money, and bind up the money in thine hand, and shalt go unto the place which the LORD thy God shall choose:
Deuteronomy 15:6	For the LORD thy God blesseth thee, as he promised thee: and thou shalt lend unto many nations, but thou shalt not borrow; and thou shalt reign over many nations, but they shall not reign over thee.
Deuteronomy 15:16	And it shall be, if he say unto thee, I will not go away from thee; because he loveth thee and thine house, because he is well with thee;
Deuteronomy 16:3	Thou shalt eat no leavened bread with it; seven days shalt thou eat unleavened bread therewith, even the bread of affliction; for thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt in haste: that thou mayest remember the day when thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt all the days of thy life.
Deuteronomy 16:13	Thou shalt observe the feast of tabernacles seven days, after that thou hast gathered in thy corn and thy wine:
Deuteronomy 17:1	Thou shalt not sacrifice unto the LORD thy God any bullock, or sheep, wherein is blemish, or any evilfavouredness: for that is an abomination unto the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 17:11	According to the sentence of the law which they shall teach thee, and according to the judgment which they shall tell thee, thou shalt do: thou shalt not decline from the sentence which they shall show thee, to the right hand, nor to the left.
Deuteronomy 18:1	The priests the Levites, and all the tribe of Levi, shall have no part nor inheritance with Israel: they shall eat the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and his inheritance.
Deuteronomy 18:11	Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a necromancer.
Deuteronomy 18:21	And if thou say in thine heart, How shall we know the word which the LORD hath not spoken?
Deuteronomy 19:9	If thou shalt keep all these commandments to do them, which I command thee this day, to love the LORD thy God, and to walk ever in his ways; then shalt thou add three cities more for thee, beside these three:
Deuteronomy 19:19	Then shall ye do unto him, as he had thought to have done unto his brother: so shalt thou put the evil away from among you.
Deuteronomy 20:8	And the officers shall speak further unto the people, and they shall say, What man is there that is fearful and fainthearted? let him go and return unto his house, lest his brethren's heart faint as well as his heart.
Deuteronomy 20:18	That they teach you not to do after all their abominations, which they have done unto their gods; so should ye sin against the LORD your God.
Deuteronomy 21:8	Be merciful, O LORD, unto thy people Israel, whom thou hast redeemed, and lay not innocent blood unto thy people of Israel's charge. And the blood shall be forgiven them.
Deuteronomy 21:18	If a man have a stubborn and rebellious son, which will not obey the voice of his father, or the voice of his mother, and that, when they have chastened him, will not hearken unto them:
Deuteronomy 22:5	The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman's garment: for all that do so are abomination unto the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 22:15	Then shall the father of the damsel, and her mother, take and bring forth the tokens of the damsel's virginity unto the elders of the city in the gate:
Deuteronomy 22:25	But if a man find a betrothed damsel in the field, and the man force her, and lie with her: then the man only that lay with her shall die.
Deuteronomy 23:5	Nevertheless the LORD thy God would not hearken unto Balaam; but the LORD thy God turned the curse into a blessing unto thee, because the LORD thy God loved thee.
Deuteronomy 23:15	Thou shalt not deliver unto his master the servant which is escaped from his master unto thee:
Deuteronomy 23:25	When thou comest into the standing corn of thy neighbor, then thou mayest pluck the ears with thine hand; but thou shalt not move a sickle unto thy neighbor's standing corn.
Deuteronomy 24:10	When thou dost lend thy brother any thing, thou shalt not go into his house to fetch his pledge.
Deuteronomy 24:20	When thou beatest thine olive tree, thou shalt not go over the boughs again: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow.
Deuteronomy 25:8	Then the elders of his city shall call him, and speak unto him: and if he stand to it, and say, I like not to take her;
Deuteronomy 25:18	How he met thee by the way, and smote the hindmost of thee, even all that were feeble behind thee, when thou wast faint and weary; and he feared not God.
Deuteronomy 26:9	And he hath brought us into this place, and hath given us this land, even a land that floweth with milk and honey.
Deuteronomy 26:19	And to make thee high above all nations which he hath made, in praise, and in name, and in honor; and that thou mayest be an holy people unto the LORD thy God, as he hath spoken.
Deuteronomy 27:10	Thou shalt therefore obey the voice of the LORD thy God, and do his commandments and his statutes, which I command thee this day.
Deuteronomy 27:20	Cursed be he that lieth with his father's wife; because he uncovereth his father's skirt. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Deuteronomy 28:4	Blessed shall be the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy ground, and the fruit of thy cattle, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep.
Deuteronomy 28:14	And thou shalt not go aside from any of the words which I command thee this day, to the right hand, or to the left, to go after other gods to serve them.
Deuteronomy 28:24	The LORD shall make the rain of thy land powder and dust: from heaven shall it come down upon thee, until thou be destroyed.
Deuteronomy 28:34	So that thou shalt be mad for the sight of thine eyes which thou shalt see.
Deuteronomy 28:44	He shall lend to thee, and thou shalt not lend to him: he shall be the head, and thou shalt be the tail.
Deuteronomy 28:54	So that the man that is tender among you, and very delicate, his eye shall be evil toward his brother, and toward the wife of his bosom, and toward the remnant of his children which he shall leave:
Deuteronomy 28:64	And the LORD shall scatter thee among all people, from the one end of the earth even unto the other; and there thou shalt serve other gods, which neither thou nor thy fathers have known, even wood and stone.
Deuteronomy 29:6	Ye have not eaten bread, neither have ye drunk wine or strong drink: that ye might know that I am the LORD your God.
Deuteronomy 29:16	(For ye know how we have dwelt in the land of Egypt; and how we came through the nations which ye passed by;
Deuteronomy 29:26	For they went and served other gods, and worshipped them, gods whom they knew not, and whom he had not given unto them:
Deuteronomy 30:7	And the LORD thy God will put all these curses upon thine enemies, and on them that hate thee, which persecuted thee.
Deuteronomy 30:17	But if thine heart turn away, so that thou wilt not hear, but shalt be drawn away, and worship other gods, and serve them;
Deuteronomy 31:7	And Moses called unto Joshua, and said unto him in the sight of all Israel, Be strong and of a good courage: for thou must go with this people unto the land which the LORD hath sworn unto their fathers to give them; and thou shalt cause them to inherit it.
Deuteronomy 31:17	Then my anger shall be kindled against them in that day, and I will forsake them, and I will hide my face from them, and they shall be devoured, and many evils and troubles shall befall them; so that they will say in that day, Are not these evils come upon us, because our God is not among us?
Deuteronomy 31:27	For I know thy rebellion, and thy stiff neck: behold, while I am yet alive with you this day, ye have been rebellious against the LORD; and how much more after my death?
Deuteronomy 32:7	Remember the days of old, consider the years of many generations: ask thy father, and he will show thee; thy elders, and they will tell thee.
Deuteronomy 32:17	They sacrificed unto devils, not to God; to gods whom they knew not, to new gods that came newly up, whom your fathers feared not.
Deuteronomy 32:27	Were it not that I feared the wrath of the enemy, lest their adversaries should behave themselves strangely, and lest they should say, Our hand is high, and the LORD hath not done all this.
Deuteronomy 32:37	And he shall say, Where are their gods, their rock in whom they trusted,
Deuteronomy 32:47	For it is not a vain thing for you; because it is your life: and through this thing ye shall prolong your days in the land, whither ye go over Jordan to possess it.
Deuteronomy 33:5	And he was king in Jeshurun, when the heads of the people and the tribes of Israel were gathered together.
Deuteronomy 33:15	And for the chief things of the ancient mountains, and for the precious things of the lasting hills,
Deuteronomy 33:25	Thy shoes shall be iron and brass; and as thy days, so shall thy strength be.
Deuteronomy 34:6	And he buried him in a valley in the land of Moab, over against Bethpeor: but no man knoweth of his sepulchre unto this day.
Joshua 1:4	From the wilderness and this Lebanon even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and unto the great sea toward the going down of the sun, shall be your coast.
Joshua 1:14	Your wives, your little ones, and your cattle, shall remain in the land which Moses gave you on this side Jordan; but ye shall pass before your brethren armed, all the mighty men of valor, and help them;
Joshua 2:6	But she had brought them up to the roof of the house, and hid them with the stalks of flax, which she had laid in order upon the roof.
Joshua 2:16	And she said unto them, Get you to the mountain, lest the pursuers meet you; and hide yourselves there three days, until the pursuers be returned: and afterward may ye go your way.
Joshua 3:2	And it came to pass after three days, that the officers went through the host;
Joshua 3:12	Now therefore take you twelve men out of the tribes of Israel, out of every tribe a man.
Joshua 4:5	And Joshua said unto them, Pass over before the ark of the LORD your God into the midst of Jordan, and take you up every man of you a stone upon his shoulder, according unto the number of the tribes of the children of Israel:
Joshua 4:15	And the LORD spake unto Joshua, saying,
Joshua 5:1	And it came to pass, when all the kings of the Amorites, which were on the side of Jordan westward, and all the kings of the Canaanites, which were by the sea, heard that the LORD had dried up the waters of Jordan from before the children of Israel, until we were passed over, that their heart melted, neither was there spirit in them any more, because of the children of Israel.
Joshua 5:11	And they did eat of the old corn of the land on the morrow after the passover, unleavened cakes, and parched corn in the selfsame day.
Joshua 6:6	And Joshua the son of Nun called the priests, and said unto them, Take up the ark of the covenant, and let seven priests bear seven trumpets of rams' horns before the ark of the LORD.
Joshua 6:16	And it came to pass at the seventh time, when the priests blew with the trumpets, Joshua said unto the people, Shout; for the LORD hath given you the city.
Joshua 6:26	And Joshua adjured them at that time, saying, Cursed be the man before the LORD, that riseth up and buildeth this city Jericho: he shall lay the foundation thereof in his firstborn, and in his youngest son shall he set up the gates of it.
Joshua 7:9	For the Canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land shall hear of it, and shall environ us round, and cut off our name from the earth: and what wilt thou do unto thy great name?
Joshua 7:19	And Joshua said unto Achan, My son, give, I pray thee, glory to the LORD God of Israel, and make confession unto him; and tell me now what thou hast done; hide it not from me.
Joshua 8:3	So Joshua arose, and all the people of war, to go up against Ai: and Joshua chose out thirty thousand mighty men of valor, and sent them away by night.
Joshua 8:13	And when they had set the people, even all the host that was on the north of the city, and their liers in wait on the west of the city, Joshua went that night into the midst of the valley.
Joshua 8:23	And the king of Ai they took alive, and brought him to Joshua.
Joshua 8:33	And all Israel, and their elders, and officers, and their judges, stood on this side the ark and on that side before the priests the Levites, which bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, as well the stranger, as he that was born among them; half of them over against mount Gerizim, and half of them over against mount Ebal; as Moses the servant of the LORD had commanded before, that they should bless the people of Israel.
Joshua 9:8	And they said unto Joshua, We are thy servants. And Joshua said unto them, Who are ye? and from whence come ye?
Joshua 9:18	And the children of Israel smote them not, because the princes of the congregation had sworn unto them by the LORD God of Israel. And all the congregation murmured against the princes.
Joshua 10:1	Now it came to pass, when Adonizedec king of Jerusalem had heard how Joshua had taken Ai, and had utterly destroyed it; as he had done to Jericho and her king, so he had done to Ai and her king; and how the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace with Israel, and were among them;
Joshua 10:11	And it came to pass, as they fled from before Israel, and were in the going down to Bethhoron, that the LORD cast down great stones from heaven upon them unto Azekah, and they died: they were more which died with hailstones than they whom the children of Israel slew with the sword.
Joshua 10:21	And all the people returned to the camp to Joshua at Makkedah in peace: none moved his tongue against any of the children of Israel.
Joshua 10:31	And Joshua passed from Libnah, and all Israel with him, unto Lachish, and encamped against it, and fought against it:
Joshua 10:41	And Joshua smote them from Kadeshbarnea even unto Gaza, and all the country of Goshen, even unto Gibeon.
Joshua 11:8	And the LORD delivered them into the hand of Israel, who smote them, and chased them unto great Zidon, and unto Misrephothmaim, and unto the valley of Mizpeh eastward; and they smote them, until they left them none remaining.
Joshua 11:18	Joshua made war a long time with all those kings.
Joshua 12:5	And reigned in mount Hermon, and in Salcah, and in all Bashan, unto the border of the Geshurites and the Maachathites, and half Gilead, the border of Sihon king of Heshbon.
Joshua 12:15	The king of Libnah, one; the king of Adullam, one;
Joshua 13:1	Now Joshua was old and stricken in years; and the LORD said unto him, Thou art old and stricken in years, and there remaineth yet very much land to be possessed.
Joshua 13:11	And Gilead, and the border of the Geshurites and Maachathites, and all mount Hermon, and all Bashan unto Salcah;
Joshua 13:21	And all the cities of the plain, and all the kingdom of Sihon king of the Amorites, which reigned in Heshbon, whom Moses smote with the princes of Midian, Evi, and Rekem, and Zur, and Hur, and Reba, which were dukes of Sihon, dwelling in the country.
Joshua 13:31	And half Gilead, and Ashtaroth, and Edrei, cities of the kingdom of Og in Bashan, were pertaining unto the children of Machir the son of Manasseh, even to the one half of the children of Machir by their families.
Joshua 14:8	Nevertheless my brethren that went up with me made the heart of the people melt: but I wholly followed the LORD my God.
Joshua 15:3	And it went out to the south side to Maalehacrabbim, and passed along to Zin, and ascended up on the south side unto Kadeshbarnea, and passed along to Hezron, and went up to Adar, and fetched a compass to Karkaa:
Joshua 15:13	And unto Caleb the son of Jephunneh he gave a part among the children of Judah, according to the commandment of the LORD to Joshua, even the city of Arba the father of Anak, which city is Hebron.
Joshua 15:23	And Kedesh, and Hazor, and Ithnan,
Joshua 15:33	And in the valley, Eshtaol, and Zoreah, and Ashnah,
Joshua 15:43	And Jiphtah, and Ashnah, and Nezib,
Joshua 15:53	And Janum, and Bethtappuah, and Aphekah,
Joshua 15:63	As for the Jebusites the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the children of Judah could not drive them out; but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Judah at Jerusalem unto this day.
Joshua 16:10	And they drave not out the Canaanites that dwelt in Gezer: but the Canaanites dwell among the Ephraimites unto this day, and serve under tribute.
Joshua 17:10	Southward it was Ephraim's, and northward it was Manasseh's, and the sea is his border; and they met together in Asher on the north, and in Issachar on the east.
Joshua 18:2	And there remained among the children of Israel seven tribes, which had not yet received their inheritance.
Joshua 18:12	And their border on the north side was from Jordan; and the border went up to the side of Jericho on the north side, and went up through the mountains westward; and the goings out thereof were at the wilderness of Bethaven.
Joshua 18:22	And Betharabah, and Zemaraim, and Bethel,
Joshua 19:4	And Eltolad, and Bethul, and Hormah,
Joshua 19:14	And the border compasseth it on the north side to Hannathon: and the outgoings thereof are in the valley of Jiphthahel:
Joshua 19:24	And the fifth lot came out for the tribe of the children of Asher according to their families.
Joshua 19:34	And then the coast turneth westward to Aznothtabor, and goeth out from thence to Hukkok, and reacheth to Zebulun on the south side, and reacheth to Asher on the west side, and to Judah upon Jordan toward the sunrising.
Joshua 19:44	And Eltekeh, and Gibbethon, and Baalath,
Joshua 20:3	That the slayer that killeth any person unawares and unwittingly may flee thither: and they shall be your refuge from the avenger of blood.
Joshua 21:4	And the lot came out for the families of the Kohathites: and the children of Aaron the priest, which were of the Levites, had by lot out of the tribe of Judah, and out of the tribe of Simeon, and out of the tribe of Benjamin, thirteen cities.
Joshua 21:14	And Jattir with her suburbs, and Eshtemoa with her suburbs,
Joshua 21:24	Aijalon with her suburbs, Gathrimmon with her suburbs; four cities.
Joshua 21:34	And unto the families of the children of Merari, the rest of the Levites, out of the tribe of Zebulun, Jokneam with her suburbs, and Kartah with her suburbs,
Joshua 21:44	And the LORD gave them rest round about, according to all that he sware unto their fathers: and there stood not a man of all their enemies before them; the LORD delivered all their enemies into their hand.
Joshua 22:9	And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh returned, and departed from the children of Israel out of Shiloh, which is in the land of Canaan, to go unto the country of Gilead, to the land of their possession, whereof they were possessed, according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses.
Joshua 22:19	Notwithstanding, if the land of your possession be unclean, then pass ye over unto the land of the possession of the LORD, wherein the LORD's tabernacle dwelleth, and take possession among us: but rebel not against the LORD, nor rebel against us, in building you an altar beside the altar of the LORD our God.
Joshua 22:29	God forbid that we should rebel against the LORD, and turn this day from following the LORD, to build an altar for burnt offerings, for meat offerings, or for sacrifices, beside the altar of the LORD our God that is before his tabernacle.
Joshua 23:5	And the LORD your God, he shall expel them from before you, and drive them from out of your sight; and ye shall possess their land, as the LORD your God hath promised unto you.
Joshua 23:15	Therefore it shall come to pass, that as all good things are come upon you, which the LORD your God promised you; so shall the LORD bring upon you all evil things, until he have destroyed you from off this good land which the LORD your God hath given you.
Joshua 24:9	Then Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab, arose and warred against Israel, and sent and called Balaam the son of Beor to curse you:
Joshua 24:19	And Joshua said unto the people, Ye cannot serve the LORD: for he is an holy God; he is a jealous God; he will not forgive your transgressions nor your sins.
Joshua 24:29	And it came to pass after these things, that Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of the LORD, died, being an hundred and ten years old.
Judges 1:6	But Adonibezek fled; and they pursued after him, and caught him, and cut off his thumbs and his great toes.
Judges 1:16	And the children of the Kenite, Moses' father in law, went up out of the city of palm trees with the children of Judah into the wilderness of Judah, which lieth in the south of Arad; and they went and dwelt among the people.
Judges 1:26	And the man went into the land of the Hittites, and built a city, and called the name thereof Luz: which is the name thereof unto this day.
Judges 1:36	And the coast of the Amorites was from the going up to Akrabbim, from the rock, and upward.
Judges 2:10	And also all that generation were gathered unto their fathers: and there arose another generation after them, which knew not the LORD, nor yet the works which he had done for Israel.
Judges 2:20	And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel; and he said, Because that this people hath transgressed my covenant which I commanded their fathers, and have not hearkened unto my voice;
Judges 3:7	And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD, and forgat the LORD their God, and served Baalim and the groves.
Judges 3:17	And he brought the present unto Eglon king of Moab: and Eglon was a very fat man.
Judges 3:27	And it came to pass, when he was come, that he blew a trumpet in the mountain of Ephraim, and the children of Israel went down with him from the mount, and he before them.
Judges 4:6	And she sent and called Barak the son of Abinoam out of Kedeshnaphtali, and said unto him, Hath not the LORD God of Israel commanded, saying, Go and draw toward mount Tabor, and take with thee ten thousand men of the children of Naphtali and of the children of Zebulun?
Judges 4:16	But Barak pursued after the chariots, and after the host, unto Harosheth of the Gentiles: and all the host of Sisera fell upon the edge of the sword; and there was not a man left.
Judges 5:2	Praise ye the LORD for the avenging of Israel, when the people willingly offered themselves.
Judges 5:12	Awake, awake, Deborah: awake, awake, utter a song: arise, Barak, and lead thy captivity captive, thou son of Abinoam.
Judges 5:22	Then were the horsehoofs broken by the means of the pransings, the pransings of their mighty ones.
Judges 6:1	And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD: and the LORD delivered them into the hand of Midian seven years.
Judges 6:11	And there came an angel of the LORD, and sat under an oak which was in Ophrah, that pertained unto Joash the Abiezrite: and his son Gideon threshed wheat by the winepress, to hide it from the Midianites.
Judges 6:21	Then the angel of the LORD put forth the end of the staff that was in his hand, and touched the flesh and the unleavened cakes; and there rose up fire out of the rock, and consumed the flesh and the unleavened cakes. Then the angel of the LORD departed out of his sight.
Judges 6:31	And Joash said unto all that stood against him, Will ye plead for Baal? will ye save him? he that will plead for him, let him be put to death whilst it is yet morning: if he be a god, let him plead for himself, because one hath cast down his altar.
Judges 7:1	Then Jerubbaal, who is Gideon, and all the people that were with him, rose up early, and pitched beside the well of Harod: so that the host of the Midianites were on the north side of them, by the hill of Moreh, in the valley.
Judges 7:11	And thou shalt hear what they say; and afterward shall thine hands be strengthened to go down unto the host. Then went he down with Phurah his servant unto the outside of the armed men that were in the host.
Judges 7:21	And they stood every man in his place round about the camp; and all the host ran, and cried, and fled.
Judges 8:6	And the princes of Succoth said, Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand, that we should give bread unto thine army?
Judges 8:16	And he took the elders of the city, and thorns of the wilderness and briers, and with them he taught the men of Succoth.
Judges 8:26	And the weight of the golden earrings that he requested was a thousand and seven hundred shekels of gold; beside ornaments, and collars, and purple raiment that was on the kings of Midian, and beside the chains that were about their camels' necks.
Judges 9:1	And Abimelech the son of Jerubbaal went to Shechem unto his mother's brethren, and communed with them, and with all the family of the house of his mother's father, saying,
Judges 9:11	But the fig tree said unto them, Should I forsake my sweetness, and my good fruit, and go to be promoted over the trees?
Judges 9:21	And Jotham ran away, and fled, and went to Beer, and dwelt there, for fear of Abimelech his brother.
Judges 9:31	And he sent messengers unto Abimelech privily, saying, Behold, Gaal the son of Ebed and his brethren be come to Shechem; and, behold, they fortify the city against thee.
Judges 9:41	And Abimelech dwelt at Arumah: and Zebul thrust out Gaal and his brethren, that they should not dwell in Shechem.
Judges 9:51	But there was a strong tower within the city, and thither fled all the men and women, and all they of the city, and shut it to them, and gat them up to the top of the tower.
Judges 10:4	And he had thirty sons that rode on thirty ass colts, and they had thirty cities, which are called Havothjair unto this day, which are in the land of Gilead.
Judges 10:14	Go and cry unto the gods which ye have chosen; let them deliver you in the time of your tribulation.
Judges 11:6	And they said unto Jephthah, Come, and be our captain, that we may fight with the children of Ammon.
Judges 11:16	But when Israel came up from Egypt, and walked through the wilderness unto the Red sea, and came to Kadesh;
Judges 11:26	While Israel dwelt in Heshbon and her towns, and in Aroer and her towns, and in all the cities that be along by the coasts of Arnon, three hundred years? why therefore did ye not recover them within that time?
Judges 11:36	And she said unto him, My father, if thou hast opened thy mouth unto the LORD, do to me according to that which hath proceeded out of thy mouth; forasmuch as the LORD hath taken vengeance for thee of thine enemies, even of the children of Ammon.
Judges 12:6	Then said they unto him, Say now Shibboleth: and he said Sibboleth: for he could not frame to pronounce it right. Then they took him, and slew him at the passages of Jordan: and there fell at that time of the Ephraimites forty and two thousand.
Judges 13:1	And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD delivered them into the hand of the Philistines forty years.
Judges 13:11	And Manoah arose, and went after his wife, and came to the man, and said unto him, Art thou the man that spakest unto the woman? And he said, I am.
Judges 13:21	But the angel of the LORD did no more appear to Manoah and to his wife. Then Manoah knew that he was an angel of the LORD.
Judges 14:6	And the Spirit of the LORD came mightily upon him, and he rent him as he would have rent a kid, and he had nothing in his hand: but he told not his father or his mother what he had done.
Judges 14:16	And Samson's wife wept before him, and said, Thou dost but hate me, and lovest me not: thou hast put forth a riddle unto the children of my people, and hast not told it me. And he said unto her, Behold, I have not told it my father nor my mother, and shall I tell it thee?
Judges 15:6	Then the Philistines said, Who hath done this? And they answered, Samson, the son in law of the Timnite, because he had taken his wife, and given her to his companion. And the Philistines came up, and burnt her and her father with fire.
Judges 15:16	And Samson said, With the jawbone of an ass, heaps upon heaps, with the jaw of an ass have I slain a thousand men.
Judges 16:6	And Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, I pray thee, wherein thy great strength lieth, and wherewith thou mightest be bound to afflict thee.
Judges 16:16	And it came to pass, when she pressed him daily with her words, and urged him, so that his soul was vexed unto death;
Judges 16:26	And Samson said unto the lad that held him by the hand, Suffer me that I may feel the pillars whereupon the house standeth, that I may lean upon them.
Judges 17:5	And the man Micah had an house of gods, and made an ephod, and teraphim, and consecrated one of his sons, who became his priest.
Judges 18:2	And the children of Dan sent of their family five men from their coasts, men of valor, from Zorah, and from Eshtaol, to spy out the land, and to search it; and they said unto them, Go, search the land: who when they came to mount Ephraim, to the house of Micah, they lodged there.
Judges 18:12	And they went up, and pitched in Kirjathjearim, in Judah: wherefore they called that place Mahanehdan unto this day: behold, it is behind Kirjathjearim.
Judges 18:22	And when they were a good way from the house of Micah, the men that were in the houses near to Micah's house were gathered together, and overtook the children of Dan.
Judges 19:1	And it came to pass in those days, when there was no king in Israel, that there was a certain Levite sojourning on the side of mount Ephraim, who took to him a concubine out of Bethlehemjudah.
Judges 19:11	And when they were by Jebus, the day was far spent; and the servant said unto his master, Come, I pray thee, and let us turn in into this city of the Jebusites, and lodge in it.
Judges 19:21	So he brought him into his house, and gave provender unto the asses: and they washed their feet, and did eat and drink.
Judges 20:1	Then all the children of Israel went out, and the congregation was gathered together as one man, from Dan even to Beersheba, with the land of Gilead, unto the LORD in Mizpeh.
Judges 20:11	So all the men of Israel were gathered against the city, knit together as one man.
Judges 20:21	And the children of Benjamin came forth out of Gibeah, and destroyed down to the ground of the Israelites that day twenty and two thousand men.
Judges 20:31	And the children of Benjamin went out against the people, and were drawn away from the city; and they began to smite of the people, and kill, as at other times, in the highways, of which one goeth up to the house of God, and the other to Gibeah in the field, about thirty men of Israel.
Judges 20:41	And when the men of Israel turned again, the men of Benjamin were amazed: for they saw that evil was come upon them.
Judges 21:3	And said, O LORD God of Israel, why is this come to pass in Israel, that there should be to day one tribe lacking in Israel?
Judges 21:13	And the whole congregation sent some to speak to the children of Benjamin that were in the rock Rimmon, and to call peaceably unto them.
Judges 21:23	And the children of Benjamin did so, and took them wives, according to their number, of them that danced, whom they caught: and they went and returned unto their inheritance, and repaired the cities, and dwelt in them.
Ruth 1:8	And Naomi said unto her two daughters in law, Go, return each to her mother's house: the LORD deal kindly with you, as ye have dealt with the dead, and with me.
Ruth 1:18	When she saw that she was stedfastly minded to go with her, then she left speaking unto her.
Ruth 2:6	And the servant that was set over the reapers answered and said, It is the Moabitish damsel that came back with Naomi out of the country of Moab:
Ruth 2:16	And let fall also some of the handfuls of purpose for her, and leave them, that she may glean them, and rebuke her not.
Ruth 3:3	Wash thyself therefore, and anoint thee, and put thy raiment upon thee, and get thee down to the floor: but make not thyself known unto the man, until he shall have done eating and drinking.
Ruth 3:13	Tarry this night, and it shall be in the morning, that if he will perform unto thee the part of a kinsman, well; let him do the kinsman's part: but if he will not do the part of a kinsman to thee, then will I do the part of a kinsman to thee, as the LORD liveth: lie down until the morning.
Ruth 4:5	Then said Boaz, What day thou buyest the field of the hand of Naomi, thou must buy it also of Ruth the Moabitess, the wife of the dead, to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance.
Ruth 4:15	And he shall be unto thee a restorer of thy life, and a nourisher of thine old age: for thy daughter in law, which loveth thee, which is better to thee than seven sons, hath born him.
1 Samuel 1:3	And this man went up out of his city yearly to worship and to sacrifice unto the LORD of hosts in Shiloh. And the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, the priests of the LORD, were there.
1 Samuel 1:13	Now Hannah, she spake in her heart; only her lips moved, but her voice was not heard: therefore Eli thought she had been drunken.
1 Samuel 1:23	And Elkanah her husband said unto her, Do what seemeth thee good; tarry until thou have weaned him; only the LORD establish his word. So the woman abode, and gave her son suck until she weaned him.
1 Samuel 2:5	They that were full have hired out themselves for bread; and they that were hungry ceased: so that the barren hath born seven; and she that hath many children is waxed feeble.
1 Samuel 2:15	Also before they burnt the fat, the priest's servant came, and said to the man that sacrificed, Give flesh to roast for the priest; for he will not have sodden flesh of thee, but raw.
1 Samuel 2:25	If one man sin against another, the judge shall judge him: but if a man sin against the LORD, who shall entreat for him? Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto the voice of their father, because the LORD would slay them.
1 Samuel 2:35	And I will raise me up a faithful priest, that shall do according to that which is in mine heart and in my mind: and I will build him a sure house; and he shall walk before mine anointed for ever.
1 Samuel 3:9	Therefore Eli said unto Samuel, Go, lie down: and it shall be, if he call thee, that thou shalt say, Speak, LORD; for thy servant heareth. So Samuel went and lay down in his place.
1 Samuel 3:19	And Samuel grew, and the LORD was with him, and did let none of his words fall to the ground.
1 Samuel 4:8	Woe unto us! who shall deliver us out of the hand of these mighty Gods? these are the Gods that smote the Egyptians with all the plagues in the wilderness.
1 Samuel 4:18	And it came to pass, when he made mention of the ark of God, that he fell from off the seat backward by the side of the gate, and his neck brake, and he died: for he was an old man, and heavy. And he had judged Israel forty years.
1 Samuel 5:6	But the hand of the LORD was heavy upon them of Ashdod, and he destroyed them, and smote them with emerods, even Ashdod and the coasts thereof.
1 Samuel 6:4	Then said they, What shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him? They answered, Five golden emerods, and five golden mice, according to the number of the lords of the Philistines: for one plague was on you all, and on your lords.
1 Samuel 6:14	And the cart came into the field of Joshua, a Bethshemite, and stood there, where there was a great stone: and they clave the wood of the cart, and offered the kine a burnt offering unto the LORD.
1 Samuel 7:3	And Samuel spake unto all the house of Israel, saying, If ye do return unto the LORD with all your hearts, then put away the strange gods and Ashtaroth from among you, and prepare your hearts unto the LORD, and serve him only: and he will deliver you out of the hand of the Philistines.
1 Samuel 7:13	So the Philistines were subdued, and they came no more into the coast of Israel: and the hand of the LORD was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel.
1 Samuel 8:6	But the thing displeased Samuel, when they said, Give us a king to judge us. And Samuel prayed unto the LORD.
1 Samuel 8:16	And he will take your menservants, and your maidservants, and your goodliest young men, and your asses, and put them to his work.
1 Samuel 9:4	And he passed through mount Ephraim, and passed through the land of Shalisha, but they found them not: then they passed through the land of Shalim, and there they were not: and he passed through the land of the Benjamites, but they found them not.
1 Samuel 9:14	And they went up into the city: and when they were come into the city, behold, Samuel came out against them, for to go up to the high place.
1 Samuel 9:24	And the cook took up the shoulder, and that which was upon it, and set it before Saul. And Samuel said, Behold that which is left! set it before thee, and eat: for unto this time hath it been kept for thee since I said, I have invited the people. So Saul did eat with Samuel that day.
1 Samuel 10:7	And let it be, when these signs are come unto thee, that thou do as occasion serve thee; for God is with thee.
1 Samuel 10:17	And Samuel called the people together unto the LORD to Mizpeh;
1 Samuel 10:27	But the children of Belial said, How shall this man save us? And they despised him, and brought no presents. But he held his peace.
1 Samuel 11:10	Therefore the men of Jabesh said, To morrow we will come out unto you, and ye shall do with us all that seemeth good unto you.
1 Samuel 12:5	And he said unto them, The LORD is witness against you, and his anointed is witness this day, that ye have not found ought in my hand. And they answered, He is witness.
1 Samuel 12:15	But if ye will not obey the voice of the LORD, but rebel against the commandment of the LORD, then shall the hand of the LORD be against you, as it was against your fathers.
1 Samuel 12:25	But if ye shall still do wickedly, ye shall be consumed, both ye and your king.
1 Samuel 13:10	And it came to pass, that as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering, behold, Samuel came; and Saul went out to meet him, that he might salute him.
1 Samuel 13:20	But all the Israelites went down to the Philistines, to sharpen every man his share, and his coulter, and his axe, and his mattock.
1 Samuel 14:7	And his armourbearer said unto him, Do all that is in thine heart: turn thee; behold, I am with thee according to thy heart.
1 Samuel 14:17	Then said Saul unto the people that were with him, Number now, and see who is gone from us. And when they had numbered, behold, Jonathan and his armourbearer were not there.
1 Samuel 14:27	But Jonathan heard not when his father charged the people with the oath: wherefore he put forth the end of the rod that was in his hand, and dipped it in an honeycomb, and put his hand to his mouth; and his eyes were enlightened.
1 Samuel 14:37	And Saul asked counsel of God, Shall I go down after the Philistines? wilt thou deliver them into the hand of Israel? But he answered him not that day.
1 Samuel 14:47	So Saul took the kingdom over Israel, and fought against all his enemies on every side, against Moab, and against the children of Ammon, and against Edom, and against the kings of Zobah, and against the Philistines: and whithersoever he turned himself, he vexed them.
1 Samuel 15:5	And Saul came to a city of Amalek, and laid wait in the valley.
1 Samuel 15:15	And Saul said, They have brought them from the Amalekites: for the people spared the best of the sheep and of the oxen, to sacrifice unto the LORD thy God; and the rest we have utterly destroyed.
1 Samuel 15:25	Now therefore, I pray thee, pardon my sin, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD.
1 Samuel 15:35	And Samuel came no more to see Saul until the day of his death: nevertheless Samuel mourned for Saul: and the LORD repented that he had made Saul king over Israel.
1 Samuel 16:10	Again, Jesse made seven of his sons to pass before Samuel. And Samuel said unto Jesse, The LORD hath not chosen these.
1 Samuel 16:20	And Jesse took an ass laden with bread, and a bottle of wine, and a kid, and sent them by David his son unto Saul.
1 Samuel 17:7	And the staff of his spear was like a weaver's beam; and his spear's head weighed six hundred shekels of iron: and one bearing a shield went before him.
1 Samuel 17:17	And Jesse said unto David his son, Take now for thy brethren an ephah of this parched corn, and these ten loaves, and run to the camp of thy brethren;
1 Samuel 17:27	And the people answered him after this manner, saying, So shall it be done to the man that killeth him.
1 Samuel 17:37	David said moreover, The LORD that delivered me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. And Saul said unto David, Go, and the LORD be with thee.
1 Samuel 17:47	And all this assembly shall know that the LORD saveth not with sword and spear: for the battle is the LORD's, and he will give you into our hands.
1 Samuel 17:57	And as David returned from the slaughter of the Philistine, Abner took him, and brought him before Saul with the head of the Philistine in his hand.
1 Samuel 18:9	And Saul eyed David from that day and forward.
1 Samuel 18:19	But it came to pass at the time when Merab Saul's daughter should have been given to David, that she was given unto Adriel the Meholathite to wife.
1 Samuel 18:29	And Saul was yet the more afraid of David; and Saul became David's enemy continually.
1 Samuel 19:9	And the evil spirit from the LORD was upon Saul, as he sat in his house with his javelin in his hand: and David played with his hand.
1 Samuel 19:19	And it was told Saul, saying, Behold, David is at Naioth in Ramah.
1 Samuel 20:5	And David said unto Jonathan, Behold, to morrow is the new moon, and I should not fail to sit with the king at meat: but let me go, that I may hide myself in the field unto the third day at even.
1 Samuel 20:15	But also thou shalt not cut off thy kindness from my house for ever: no, not when the LORD hath cut off the enemies of David every one from the face of the earth.
1 Samuel 20:25	And the king sat upon his seat, as at other times, even upon a seat by the wall: and Jonathan arose, and Abner sat by Saul's side, and David's place was empty.
1 Samuel 20:35	And it came to pass in the morning, that Jonathan went out into the field at the time appointed with David, and a little lad with him.
1 Samuel 21:3	Now therefore what is under thine hand? give me five loaves of bread in mine hand, or what there is present.
1 Samuel 21:13	And he changed his behavior before them, and feigned himself mad in their hands, and scrabbled on the doors of the gate, and let his spittle fall down upon his beard.
1 Samuel 22:8	That all of you have conspired against me, and there is none that showeth me that my son hath made a league with the son of Jesse, and there is none of you that is sorry for me, or showeth unto me that my son hath stirred up my servant against me, to lie in wait, as at this day?
1 Samuel 22:18	And the king said to Doeg, Turn thou, and fall upon the priests. And Doeg the Edomite turned, and he fell upon the priests, and slew on that day fourscore and five persons that did wear a linen ephod.
1 Samuel 23:5	So David and his men went to Keilah, and fought with the Philistines, and brought away their cattle, and smote them with a great slaughter. So David saved the inhabitants of Keilah.
1 Samuel 23:15	And David saw that Saul was come out to seek his life: and David was in the wilderness of Ziph in a wood.
1 Samuel 23:25	Saul also and his men went to seek him. And they told David; wherefore he came down into a rock, and abode in the wilderness of Maon. And when Saul heard that, he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon.
1 Samuel 24:6	And he said unto his men, The LORD forbid that I should do this thing unto my master, the LORD's anointed, to stretch forth mine hand against him, seeing he is the anointed of the LORD.
1 Samuel 24:16	And it came to pass, when David had made an end of speaking these words unto Saul, that Saul said, Is this thy voice, my son David? And Saul lifted up his voice, and wept.
1 Samuel 25:4	And David heard in the wilderness that Nabal did shear his sheep.
1 Samuel 25:14	But one of the young men told Abigail, Nabal's wife, saying, Behold, David sent messengers out of the wilderness to salute our master; and he railed on them.
1 Samuel 25:24	And fell at his feet, and said, Upon me, my lord, upon me let this iniquity be: and let thine handmaid, I pray thee, speak in thine audience, and hear the words of thine handmaid.
1 Samuel 25:34	For in very deed, as the LORD God of Israel liveth, which hath kept me back from hurting thee, except thou hadst hasted and come to meet me, surely there had not been left unto Nabal by the morning light any that pisseth against the wall.
1 Samuel 25:44	But Saul had given Michal his daughter, David's wife, to Phalti the son of Laish, which was of Gallim.
1 Samuel 26:10	David said furthermore, As the LORD liveth, the LORD shall smite him; or his day shall come to die; or he shall descend into battle, and perish.
1 Samuel 26:20	Now therefore, let not my blood fall to the earth before the face of the LORD: for the king of Israel is come out to seek a flea, as when one doth hunt a partridge in the mountains.
1 Samuel 27:5	And David said unto Achish, If I have now found grace in thine eyes, let them give me a place in some town in the country, that I may dwell there: for why should thy servant dwell in the royal city with thee?
1 Samuel 28:3	Now Samuel was dead, and all Israel had lamented him, and buried him in Ramah, even in his own city. And Saul had put away those that had familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land.
1 Samuel 28:13	And the king said unto her, Be not afraid: for what sawest thou? And the woman said unto Saul, I saw gods ascending out of the earth.
1 Samuel 28:23	But he refused, and said, I will not eat. But his servants, together with the woman, compelled him; and he hearkened unto their voice. So he arose from the earth, and sat upon the bed.
1 Samuel 29:8	And David said unto Achish, But what have I done? and what hast thou found in thy servant so long as I have been with thee unto this day, that I may not go fight against the enemies of my lord the king?
1 Samuel 30:7	And David said to Abiathar the priest, Ahimelech's son, I pray thee, bring me hither the ephod. And Abiathar brought thither the ephod to David.
1 Samuel 30:17	And David smote them from the twilight even unto the evening of the next day: and there escaped not a man of them, save four hundred young men, which rode upon camels, and fled.
1 Samuel 30:27	To them which were in Bethel, and to them which were in south Ramoth, and to them which were in Jattir,
1 Samuel 31:6	So Saul died, and his three sons, and his armourbearer, and all his men, that same day together.
2 Samuel 1:3	And David said unto him, From whence comest thou? And he said unto him, Out of the camp of Israel am I escaped.
2 Samuel 1:13	And David said unto the young man that told him, Whence art thou? And he answered, I am the son of a stranger, an Amalekite.
2 Samuel 1:23	Saul and Jonathan were lovely and pleasant in their lives, and in their death they were not divided: they were swifter than eagles, they were stronger than lions.
2 Samuel 2:6	And now the LORD show kindness and truth unto you: and I also will requite you this kindness, because ye have done this thing.
2 Samuel 2:16	And they caught every one his fellow by the head, and thrust his sword in his fellow's side; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called Helkathhazzurim, which is in Gibeon.
2 Samuel 2:26	Then Abner called to Joab, and said, Shall the sword devour for ever? knowest thou not that it will be bitterness in the latter end? how long shall it be then, ere thou bid the people return from following their brethren?
2 Samuel 3:4	And the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith; and the fifth, Shephatiah the son of Abital;
2 Samuel 3:14	And David sent messengers to Ishbosheth Saul's son, saying, Deliver me my wife Michal, which I espoused to me for an hundred foreskins of the Philistines.
2 Samuel 3:24	Then Joab came to the king, and said, What hast thou done? behold, Abner came unto thee; why is it that thou hast sent him away, and he is quite gone?
2 Samuel 3:34	Thy hands were not bound, nor thy feet put into fetters: as a man falleth before wicked men, so fellest thou. And all the people wept again over him.
2 Samuel 4:5	And the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite, Rechab and Baanah, went, and came about the heat of the day to the house of Ishbosheth, who lay on a bed at noon.
2 Samuel 5:3	So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron; and king David made a league with them in Hebron before the LORD: and they anointed David king over Israel.
2 Samuel 5:13	And David took him more concubines and wives out of Jerusalem, after he was come from Hebron: and there were yet sons and daughters born to David.
2 Samuel 5:23	And when David inquired of the LORD, he said, Thou shalt not go up; but fetch a compass behind them, and come upon them over against the mulberry trees.
2 Samuel 6:8	And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzzah: and he called the name of the place Perezuzzah to this day.
2 Samuel 6:18	And as soon as David had made an end of offering burnt offerings and peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD of hosts.
2 Samuel 7:5	Go and tell my servant David, Thus saith the LORD, Shalt thou build me an house for me to dwell in?
2 Samuel 7:15	But my mercy shall not depart away from him, as I took it from Saul, whom I put away before thee.
2 Samuel 7:25	And now, O LORD God, the word that thou hast spoken concerning thy servant, and concerning his house, establish it for ever, and do as thou hast said.
2 Samuel 8:6	Then David put garrisons in Syria of Damascus: and the Syrians became servants to David, and brought gifts. And the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went.
2 Samuel 8:16	And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder;
2 Samuel 9:8	And he bowed himself, and said, What is thy servant, that thou shouldest look upon such a dead dog as I am?
2 Samuel 10:5	When they told it unto David, he sent to meet them, because the men were greatly ashamed: and the king said, Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return.
2 Samuel 10:15	And when the Syrians saw that they were smitten before Israel, they gathered themselves together.
2 Samuel 11:6	And David sent to Joab, saying, Send me Uriah the Hittite. And Joab sent Uriah to David.
2 Samuel 11:16	And it came to pass, when Joab observed the city, that he assigned Uriah unto a place where he knew that valiant men were.
2 Samuel 11:26	And when the wife of Uriah heard that Uriah her husband was dead, she mourned for her husband.
2 Samuel 12:9	Wherefore hast thou despised the commandment of the LORD, to do evil in his sight? thou hast killed Uriah the Hittite with the sword, and hast taken his wife to be thy wife, and hast slain him with the sword of the children of Ammon.
2 Samuel 12:19	But when David saw that his servants whispered, David perceived that the child was dead: therefore David said unto his servants, Is the child dead? And they said, He is dead.
2 Samuel 12:29	And David gathered all the people together, and went to Rabbah, and fought against it, and took it.
2 Samuel 13:8	So Tamar went to her brother Amnon's house; and he was laid down. And she took flour, and kneaded it, and made cakes in his sight, and did bake the cakes.
2 Samuel 13:18	And she had a garment of divers colors upon her: for with such robes were the king's daughters that were virgins apparelled. Then his servant brought her out, and bolted the door after her.
2 Samuel 13:28	Now Absalom had commanded his servants, saying, Mark ye now when Amnon's heart is merry with wine, and when I say unto you, Smite Amnon; then kill him, fear not: have not I commanded you? be courageous, and be valiant.
2 Samuel 13:38	So Absalom fled, and went to Geshur, and was there three years.
2 Samuel 14:9	And the woman of Tekoah said unto the king, My lord, O king, the iniquity be on me, and on my father's house: and the king and his throne be guiltless.
2 Samuel 14:19	And the king said, Is not the hand of Joab with thee in all this? And the woman answered and said, As thy soul liveth, my lord the king, none can turn to the right hand or to the left from ought that my lord the king hath spoken: for thy servant Joab, he bade me, and he put all these words in the mouth of thine handmaid:
2 Samuel 14:29	Therefore Absalom sent for Joab, to have sent him to the king; but he would not come to him: and when he sent again the second time, he would not come.
2 Samuel 15:6	And on this manner did Absalom to all Israel that came to the king for judgment: so Absalom stole the hearts of the men of Israel.
2 Samuel 15:16	And the king went forth, and all his household after him. And the king left ten women, which were concubines, to keep the house.
2 Samuel 15:26	But if he thus say, I have no delight in thee; behold, here am I, let him do to me as seemeth good unto him.
2 Samuel 15:36	Behold, they have there with them their two sons, Ahimaaz Zadok's son, and Jonathan Abiathar's son; and by them ye shall send unto me every thing that ye can hear.
2 Samuel 16:9	Then said Abishai the son of Zeruiah unto the king, Why should this dead dog curse my lord the king? let me go over, I pray thee, and take off his head.
2 Samuel 16:19	And again, whom should I serve? should I not serve in the presence of his son? as I have served in thy father's presence, so will I be in thy presence.
2 Samuel 17:6	And when Hushai was come to Absalom, Absalom spake unto him, saying, Ahithophel hath spoken after this manner: shall we do after his saying? if not; speak thou.
2 Samuel 17:16	Now therefore send quickly, and tell David, saying, Lodge not this night in the plains of the wilderness, but speedily pass over; lest the king be swallowed up, and all the people that are with him.
2 Samuel 17:26	So Israel and Absalom pitched in the land of Gilead.
2 Samuel 18:7	Where the people of Israel were slain before the servants of David, and there was there a great slaughter that day of twenty thousand men.
2 Samuel 18:17	And they took Absalom, and cast him into a great pit in the wood, and laid a very great heap of stones upon him: and all Israel fled every one to his tent.
2 Samuel 18:27	And the watchman said, Me thinketh the running of the foremost is like the running of Ahimaaz the son of Zadok. And the king said, He is a good man, and cometh with good tidings.
2 Samuel 19:4	But the king covered his face, and the king cried with a loud voice, O my son Absalom, O Absalom, my son, my son!
2 Samuel 19:14	And he bowed the heart of all the men of Judah, even as the heart of one man; so that they sent this word unto the king, Return thou, and all thy servants.
2 Samuel 19:24	And Mephibosheth the son of Saul came down to meet the king, and had neither dressed his feet, nor trimmed his beard, nor washed his clothes, from the day the king departed until the day he came again in peace.
2 Samuel 19:34	And Barzillai said unto the king, How long have I to live, that I should go up with the king unto Jerusalem?
2 Samuel 20:1	And there happened to be there a man of Belial, whose name was Sheba, the son of Bichri, a Benjamite: and he blew a trumpet, and said, We have no part in David, neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to his tents, O Israel.
2 Samuel 20:11	And one of Joab's men stood by him, and said, He that favoreth Joab, and he that is for David, let him go after Joab.
2 Samuel 20:21	The matter is not so: but a man of mount Ephraim, Sheba the son of Bichri by name, hath lifted up his hand against the king, even against David: deliver him only, and I will depart from the city. And the woman said unto Joab, Behold, his head shall be thrown to thee over the wall.
2 Samuel 21:5	And they answered the king, The man that consumed us, and that devised against us that we should be destroyed from remaining in any of the coasts of Israel,
2 Samuel 21:15	Moreover the Philistines had yet war again with Israel; and David went down, and his servants with him, and fought against the Philistines: and David waxed faint.
2 Samuel 22:3	The God of my rock; in him will I trust: he is my shield, and the horn of my salvation, my high tower, and my refuge, my saviour; thou savest me from violence.
2 Samuel 22:13	Through the brightness before him were coals of fire kindled.
2 Samuel 22:23	For all his judgments were before me: and as for his statutes, I did not depart from them.
2 Samuel 22:33	God is my strength and power: and he maketh my way perfect.
2 Samuel 22:43	Then did I beat them as small as the dust of the earth, I did stamp them as the mire of the street, and did spread them abroad.
2 Samuel 23:2	The Spirit of the LORD spake by me, and his word was in my tongue.
2 Samuel 23:12	But he stood in the midst of the ground, and defended it, and slew the Philistines: and the LORD wrought a great victory.
2 Samuel 23:22	These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among three mighty men.
2 Samuel 23:32	Eliahba the Shaalbonite, of the sons of Jashen, Jonathan,
2 Samuel 24:3	And Joab said unto the king, Now the LORD thy God add unto the people, how many soever they be, an hundredfold, and that the eyes of my lord the king may see it: but why doth my lord the king delight in this thing?
2 Samuel 24:13	So Gad came to David, and told him, and said unto him, Shall seven years of famine come unto thee in thy land? or wilt thou flee three months before thine enemies, while they pursue thee? or that there be three days' pestilence in thy land? now advise, and see what answer I shall return to him that sent me.
2 Samuel 24:23	All these things did Araunah, as a king, give unto the king. And Araunah said unto the king, The LORD thy God accept thee.
1 Kings 1:8	But Zadok the priest, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and Nathan the prophet, and Shimei, and Rei, and the mighty men which belonged to David, were not with Adonijah.
1 Kings 1:18	And now, behold, Adonijah reigneth; and now, my lord the king, thou knowest it not:
1 Kings 1:28	Then king David answered and said, Call me Bathsheba. And she came into the king's presence, and stood before the king.
1 Kings 1:38	So Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, went down, and caused Solomon to ride upon king David's mule, and brought him to Gihon.
1 Kings 1:48	And also thus said the king, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, which hath given one to sit on my throne this day, mine eyes even seeing it.
1 Kings 2:5	Moreover thou knowest also what Joab the son of Zeruiah did to me, and what he did to the two captains of the hosts of Israel, unto Abner the son of Ner, and unto Amasa the son of Jether, whom he slew, and shed the blood of war in peace, and put the blood of war upon his girdle that was about his loins, and in his shoes that were on his feet.
1 Kings 2:15	And he said, Thou knowest that the kingdom was mine, and that all Israel set their faces on me, that I should reign: howbeit the kingdom is turned about, and is become my brother's: for it was his from the LORD.
1 Kings 2:25	And king Solomon sent by the hand of Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; and he fell upon him that he died.
1 Kings 2:35	And the king put Benaiah the son of Jehoiada in his room over the host: and Zadok the priest did the king put in the room of Abiathar.
1 Kings 2:45	And king Solomon shall be blessed, and the throne of David shall be established before the LORD for ever.
1 Kings 3:9	Give therefore thy servant an understanding heart to judge thy people, that I may discern between good and bad: for who is able to judge this thy so great a people?
1 Kings 3:19	And this woman's child died in the night; because she overlaid it.
1 Kings 4:1	So king Solomon was king over all Israel.
1 Kings 4:11	The son of Abinadab, in all the region of Dor; which had Taphath the daughter of Solomon to wife:
1 Kings 4:21	And Solomon reigned over all kingdoms from the river unto the land of the Philistines, and unto the border of Egypt: they brought presents, and served Solomon all the days of his life.
1 Kings 4:31	For he was wiser than all men; than Ethan the Ezrahite, and Heman, and Chalcol, and Darda, the sons of Mahol: and his fame was in all nations round about.
1 Kings 5:7	And it came to pass, when Hiram heard the words of Solomon, that he rejoiced greatly, and said, Blessed be the LORD this day, which hath given unto David a wise son over this great people.
1 Kings 5:17	And the king commanded, and they brought great stones, costly stones, and hewed stones, to lay the foundation of the house.
1 Kings 6:9	So he built the house, and finished it; and covered the house with beams and boards of cedar.
1 Kings 6:19	And the oracle he prepared in the house within, to set there the ark of the covenant of the LORD.
1 Kings 6:29	And he carved all the walls of the house round about with carved figures of cherubim and palm trees and open flowers, within and without.
1 Kings 7:1	But Solomon was building his own house thirteen years, and he finished all his house.
1 Kings 7:11	And above were costly stones, after the measures of hewed stones, and cedars.
1 Kings 7:21	And he set up the pillars in the porch of the temple: and he set up the right pillar, and called the name thereof Jachin: and he set up the left pillar, and called the name thereof Boaz.
1 Kings 7:31	And the mouth of it within the chapiter and above was a cubit: but the mouth thereof was round after the work of the base, a cubit and an half: and also upon the mouth of it were gravings with their borders, foursquare, not round.
1 Kings 7:41	The two pillars, and the two bowls of the chapiters that were on the top of the two pillars; and the two networks, to cover the two bowls of the chapiters which were upon the top of the pillars;
1 Kings 7:51	So was ended all the work that king Solomon made for the house of the LORD. And Solomon brought in the things which David his father had dedicated; even the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, did he put among the treasures of the house of the LORD.
1 Kings 8:10	And it came to pass, when the priests were come out of the holy place, that the cloud filled the house of the LORD,
1 Kings 8:20	And the LORD hath performed his word that he spake, and I am risen up in the room of David my father, and sit on the throne of Israel, as the LORD promised, and have built an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
1 Kings 8:30	And hearken thou to the supplication of thy servant, and of thy people Israel, when they shall pray toward this place: and hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place: and when thou hearest, forgive.
1 Kings 8:40	That they may fear thee all the days that they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers.
1 Kings 8:50	And forgive thy people that have sinned against thee, and all their transgressions wherein they have transgressed against thee, and give them compassion before them who carried them captive, that they may have compassion on them:
1 Kings 8:60	That all the people of the earth may know that the LORD is God, and that there is none else.
1 Kings 9:4	And if thou wilt walk before me, as David thy father walked, in integrity of heart, and in uprightness, to do according to all that I have commanded thee, and wilt keep my statutes and my judgments:
1 Kings 9:14	And Hiram sent to the king sixscore talents of gold.
1 Kings 9:24	But Pharaoh's daughter came up out of the city of David unto her house which Solomon had built for her: then did he build Millo.
1 Kings 10:6	And she said to the king, It was a true report that I heard in mine own land of thy acts and of thy wisdom.
1 Kings 10:16	And king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten gold: six hundred shekels of gold went to one target.
1 Kings 10:26	And Solomon gathered together chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen, whom he bestowed in the cities for chariots, and with the king at Jerusalem.
1 Kings 11:7	Then did Solomon build an high place for Chemosh, the abomination of Moab, in the hill that is before Jerusalem, and for Molech, the abomination of the children of Ammon.
1 Kings 11:17	That Hadad fled, he and certain Edomites of his father's servants with him, to go into Egypt; Hadad being yet a little child.
1 Kings 11:27	And this was the cause that he lifted up his hand against the king: Solomon built Millo, and repaired the breaches of the city of David his father.
1 Kings 11:37	And I will take thee, and thou shalt reign according to all that thy soul desireth, and shalt be king over Israel.
1 Kings 12:4	Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore make thou the grievous service of thy father, and his heavy yoke which he put upon us, lighter, and we will serve thee.
1 Kings 12:14	And spake to them after the counsel of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke: my father also chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
1 Kings 12:24	Thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not go up, nor fight against your brethren the children of Israel: return every man to his house; for this thing is from me. They hearkened therefore to the word of the LORD, and returned to depart, according to the word of the LORD.
1 Kings 13:1	And, behold, there came a man of God out of Judah by the word of the LORD unto Bethel: and Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn incense.
1 Kings 13:11	Now there dwelt an old prophet in Bethel; and his sons came and told him all the works that the man of God had done that day in Bethel: the words which he had spoken unto the king, them they told also to their father.
1 Kings 13:21	And he cried unto the man of God that came from Judah, saying, Thus saith the LORD, Forasmuch as thou hast disobeyed the mouth of the LORD, and hast not kept the commandment which the LORD thy God commanded thee,
1 Kings 13:31	And it came to pass, after he had buried him, that he spake to his sons, saying, When I am dead, then bury me in the sepulchre wherein the man of God is buried; lay my bones beside his bones:
1 Kings 14:7	Go, tell Jeroboam, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Forasmuch as I exalted thee from among the people, and made thee prince over my people Israel,
1 Kings 14:17	And Jeroboam's wife arose, and departed, and came to Tirzah: and when she came to the threshold of the door, the child died;
1 Kings 14:27	And king Rehoboam made in their stead brazen shields, and committed them unto the hands of the chief of the guard, which kept the door of the king's house.
1 Kings 15:6	And there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all the days of his life.
1 Kings 15:16	And there was war between Asa and Baasha king of Israel all their days.
1 Kings 15:26	And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his father, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin.
1 Kings 16:2	Forasmuch as I exalted thee out of the dust, and made thee prince over my people Israel; and thou hast walked in the way of Jeroboam, and hast made my people Israel to sin, to provoke me to anger with their sins;
1 Kings 16:12	Thus did Zimri destroy all the house of Baasha, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake against Baasha by Jehu the prophet.
1 Kings 16:22	But the people that followed Omri prevailed against the people that followed Tibni the son of Ginath: so Tibni died, and Omri reigned.
1 Kings 16:32	And he reared up an altar for Baal in the house of Baal, which he had built in Samaria.
1 Kings 17:8	And the word of the LORD came unto him, saying,
1 Kings 17:18	And she said unto Elijah, What have I to do with thee, O thou man of God? art thou come unto me to call my sin to remembrance, and to slay my son?
1 Kings 18:4	For it was so, when Jezebel cut off the prophets of the LORD, that Obadiah took an hundred prophets, and hid them by fifty in a cave, and fed them with bread and water.)
1 Kings 18:14	And now thou sayest, Go, tell thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here: and he shall slay me.
1 Kings 18:24	And call ye on the name of your gods, and I will call on the name of the LORD: and the God that answereth by fire, let him be God. And all the people answered and said, It is well spoken.
1 Kings 18:34	And he said, Do it the second time. And they did it the second time. And he said, Do it the third time. And they did it the third time.
1 Kings 18:44	And it came to pass at the seventh time, that he said, Behold, there ariseth a little cloud out of the sea, like a man's hand. And he said, Go up, say unto Ahab, Prepare thy chariot, and get thee down that the rain stop thee not.
1 Kings 19:8	And he arose, and did eat and drink, and went in the strength of that meat forty days and forty nights unto Horeb the mount of God.
1 Kings 19:18	Yet I have left me seven thousand in Israel, all the knees which have not bowed unto Baal, and every mouth which hath not kissed him.
1 Kings 20:7	Then the king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said, Mark, I pray you, and see how this man seeketh mischief: for he sent unto me for my wives, and for my children, and for my silver, and for my gold; and I denied him not.
1 Kings 20:17	And the young men of the princes of the provinces went out first; and Benhadad sent out, and they told him, saying, There are men come out of Samaria.
1 Kings 20:27	And the children of Israel were numbered, and were all present, and went against them: and the children of Israel pitched before them like two little flocks of kids; but the Syrians filled the country.
1 Kings 20:37	Then he found another man, and said, Smite me, I pray thee. And the man smote him, so that in smiting he wounded him.
1 Kings 21:4	And Ahab came into his house heavy and displeased because of the word which Naboth the Jezreelite had spoken to him: for he had said, I will not give thee the inheritance of my fathers. And he laid him down upon his bed, and turned away his face, and would eat no bread.
1 Kings 21:14	Then they sent to Jezebel, saying, Naboth is stoned, and is dead.
1 Kings 21:24	Him that dieth of Ahab in the city the dogs shall eat; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat.
1 Kings 22:5	And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of the LORD to day.
1 Kings 22:15	So he came to the king. And the king said unto him, Micaiah, shall we go against Ramothgilead to battle, or shall we forbear? And he answered him, Go, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king.
1 Kings 22:25	And Micaiah said, Behold, thou shalt see in that day, when thou shalt go into an inner chamber to hide thyself.
1 Kings 22:35	And the battle increased that day: and the king was stayed up in his chariot against the Syrians, and died at even: and the blood ran out of the wound into the midst of the chariot.
1 Kings 22:45	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, and his might that he showed, and how he warred, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 1:2	And Ahaziah fell down through a lattice in his upper chamber that was in Samaria, and was sick: and he sent messengers, and said unto them, Go, enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron whether I shall recover of this disease.
2 Kings 1:12	And Elijah answered and said unto them, If I be a man of God, let fire come down from heaven, and consume thee and thy fifty. And the fire of God came down from heaven, and consumed him and his fifty.
2 Kings 2:4	And Elijah said unto him, Elisha, tarry here, I pray thee; for the LORD hath sent me to Jericho. And he said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. So they came to Jericho.
2 Kings 2:14	And he took the mantle of Elijah that fell from him, and smote the waters, and said, Where is the LORD God of Elijah? and when he also had smitten the waters, they parted hither and thither: and Elisha went over.
2 Kings 2:24	And he turned back, and looked on them, and cursed them in the name of the LORD. And there came forth two she bears out of the wood, and tare forty and two children of them.
2 Kings 3:9	So the king of Israel went, and the king of Judah, and the king of Edom: and they fetched a compass of seven days' journey: and there was no water for the host, and for the cattle that followed them.
2 Kings 3:19	And ye shall smite every fenced city, and every choice city, and shall fell every good tree, and stop all wells of water, and mar every good piece of land with stones.
2 Kings 4:2	And Elisha said unto her, What shall I do for thee? tell me, what hast thou in the house? And she said, Thine handmaid hath not any thing in the house, save a pot of oil.
2 Kings 4:12	And he said to Gehazi his servant, Call this Shunammite. And when he had called her, she stood before him.
2 Kings 4:22	And she called unto her husband, and said, Send me, I pray thee, one of the young men, and one of the asses, that I may run to the man of God, and come again.
2 Kings 4:32	And when Elisha was come into the house, behold, the child was dead, and laid upon his bed.
2 Kings 4:42	And there came a man from Baalshalisha, and brought the man of God bread of the firstfruits, twenty loaves of barley, and full ears of corn in the husk thereof. And he said, Give unto the people, that they may eat.
2 Kings 5:8	And it was so, when Elisha the man of God had heard that the king of Israel had rent his clothes, that he sent to the king, saying, Wherefore hast thou rent thy clothes? let him come now to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel.
2 Kings 5:18	In this thing the LORD pardon thy servant, that when my master goeth into the house of Rimmon to worship there, and he leaneth on my hand, and I bow myself in the house of Rimmon: when I bow down myself in the house of Rimmon, the LORD pardon thy servant in this thing.
2 Kings 6:1	And the sons of the prophets said unto Elisha, Behold now, the place where we dwell with thee is too strait for us.
2 Kings 6:11	Therefore the heart of the king of Syria was sore troubled for this thing; and he called his servants, and said unto them, Will ye not show me which of us is for the king of Israel?
2 Kings 6:21	And the king of Israel said unto Elisha, when he saw them, My father, shall I smite them? shall I smite them?
2 Kings 6:31	Then he said, God do so and more also to me, if the head of Elisha the son of Shaphat shall stand on him this day.
2 Kings 7:8	And when these lepers came to the uttermost part of the camp, they went into one tent, and did eat and drink, and carried thence silver, and gold, and raiment, and went and hid it; and came again, and entered into another tent, and carried thence also, and went and hid it.
2 Kings 7:18	And it came to pass as the man of God had spoken to the king, saying, Two measures of barley for a shekel, and a measure of fine flour for a shekel, shall be to morrow about this time in the gate of Samaria:
2 Kings 8:8	And the king said unto Hazael, Take a present in thine hand, and go, meet the man of God, and enquire of the LORD by him, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?
2 Kings 8:18	And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, as did the house of Ahab: for the daughter of Ahab was his wife: and he did evil in the sight of the LORD.
2 Kings 8:28	And he went with Joram the son of Ahab to the war against Hazael king of Syria in Ramothgilead; and the Syrians wounded Joram.
2 Kings 9:9	And I will make the house of Ahab like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and like the house of Baasha the son of Ahijah:
2 Kings 9:19	Then he sent out a second on horseback, which came to them, and said, Thus saith the king, Is it peace? And Jehu answered, What hast thou to do with peace? turn thee behind me.
2 Kings 9:29	And in the eleventh year of Joram the son of Ahab began Ahaziah to reign over Judah.
2 Kings 10:2	Now as soon as this letter cometh to you, seeing your master's sons are with you, and there are with you chariots and horses, a fenced city also, and armor;
2 Kings 10:12	And he arose and departed, and came to Samaria. And as he was at the shearing house in the way,
2 Kings 10:22	And he said unto him that was over the vestry, Bring forth vestments for all the worshippers of Baal. And he brought them forth vestments.
2 Kings 10:32	In those days the LORD began to cut Israel short: and Hazael smote them in all the coasts of Israel;
2 Kings 11:6	And a third part shall be at the gate of Sur; and a third part at the gate behind the guard: so shall ye keep the watch of the house, that it be not broken down.
2 Kings 11:16	And they laid hands on her; and she went by the way by the which the horses came into the king's house: and there was she slain.
2 Kings 12:5	Let the priests take it to them, every man of his acquaintance: and let them repair the breaches of the house, wheresoever any breach shall be found.
2 Kings 12:15	Moreover they reckoned not with the men, into whose hand they delivered the money to be bestowed on workmen: for they dealt faithfully.
2 Kings 13:4	And Jehoahaz besought the LORD, and the LORD hearkened unto him: for he saw the oppression of Israel, because the king of Syria oppressed them.
2 Kings 13:14	Now Elisha was fallen sick of his sickness whereof he died. And Joash the king of Israel came down unto him, and wept over his face, and said, O my father, my father, the chariot of Israel, and the horsemen thereof.
2 Kings 13:24	So Hazael king of Syria died; and Benhadad his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 14:9	And Jehoash the king of Israel sent to Amaziah king of Judah, saying, The thistle that was in Lebanon sent to the cedar that was in Lebanon, saying, Give thy daughter to my son to wife: and there passed by a wild beast that was in Lebanon, and trode down the thistle.
2 Kings 14:19	Now they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem: and he fled to Lachish; but they sent after him to Lachish, and slew him there.
2 Kings 14:29	And Jeroboam slept with his fathers, even with the kings of Israel; and Zachariah his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 15:10	And Shallum the son of Jabesh conspired against him, and smote him before the people, and slew him, and reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 15:20	And Menahem exacted the money of Israel, even of all the mighty men of wealth, of each man fifty shekels of silver, to give to the king of Assyria. So the king of Assyria turned back, and stayed not there in the land.
2 Kings 15:30	And Hoshea the son of Elah made a conspiracy against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and smote him, and slew him, and reigned in his stead, in the twentieth year of Jotham the son of Uzziah.
2 Kings 16:2	Twenty years old was Ahaz when he began to reign, and reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem, and did not that which was right in the sight of the LORD his God, like David his father.
2 Kings 16:12	And when the king was come from Damascus, the king saw the altar: and the king approached to the altar, and offered thereon.
2 Kings 17:2	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, but not as the kings of Israel that were before him.
2 Kings 17:12	For they served idols, whereof the LORD had said unto them, Ye shall not do this thing.
2 Kings 17:22	For the children of Israel walked in all the sins of Jeroboam which he did; they departed not from them;
2 Kings 17:32	So they feared the LORD, and made unto themselves of the lowest of them priests of the high places, which sacrificed for them in the houses of the high places.
2 Kings 18:1	Now it came to pass in the third year of Hoshea son of Elah king of Israel, that Hezekiah the son of Ahaz king of Judah began to reign.
2 Kings 18:11	And the king of Assyria did carry away Israel unto Assyria, and put them in Halah and in Habor by the river of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes:
2 Kings 18:21	Now, behold, thou trustest upon the staff of this bruised reed, even upon Egypt, on which if a man lean, it will go into his hand, and pierce it: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt unto all that trust on him.
2 Kings 18:31	Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the king of Assyria, Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me, and then eat ye every man of his own vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink ye every one the waters of his cistern:
2 Kings 19:4	It may be the LORD thy God will hear all the words of Rabshakeh, whom the king of Assyria his master hath sent to reproach the living God; and will reprove the words which the LORD thy God hath heard: wherefore lift up thy prayer for the remnant that are left.
2 Kings 19:14	And Hezekiah received the letter of the hand of the messengers, and read it: and Hezekiah went up into the house of the LORD, and spread it before the LORD.
2 Kings 19:24	I have digged and drunk strange waters, and with the sole of my feet have I dried up all the rivers of besieged places.
2 Kings 19:34	For I will defend this city, to save it, for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.
2 Kings 20:7	And Isaiah said, Take a lump of figs. And they took and laid it on the boil, and he recovered.
2 Kings 20:17	Behold, the days come, that all that is in thine house, and that which thy fathers have laid up in store unto this day, shall be carried into Babylon: nothing shall be left, saith the LORD.
2 Kings 21:6	And he made his son pass through the fire, and observed times, and used enchantments, and dealt with familiar spirits and wizards: he wrought much wickedness in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger.
2 Kings 21:16	Moreover Manasseh shed innocent blood very much, till he had filled Jerusalem from one end to another; beside his sin wherewith he made Judah to sin, in doing that which was evil in the sight of the LORD.
2 Kings 21:26	And he was buried in his sepulchre in the garden of Uzza: and Josiah his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 22:10	And Shaphan the scribe showed the king, saying, Hilkiah the priest hath delivered me a book. And Shaphan read it before the king.
2 Kings 22:20	Behold therefore, I will gather thee unto thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered into thy grave in peace; and thine eyes shall not see all the evil which I will bring upon this place. And they brought the king word again.
2 Kings 23:10	And he defiled Topheth, which is in the valley of the children of Hinnom, that no man might make his son or his daughter to pass through the fire to Molech.
2 Kings 23:20	And he slew all the priests of the high places that were there upon the altars, and burned men's bones upon them, and returned to Jerusalem.
2 Kings 23:30	And his servants carried him in a chariot dead from Megiddo, and brought him to Jerusalem, and buried him in his own sepulchre. And the people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah, and anointed him, and made him king in his father's stead.
2 Kings 24:3	Surely at the commandment of the LORD came this upon Judah, to remove them out of his sight, for the sins of Manasseh, according to all that he did;
2 Kings 24:13	And he carried out thence all the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house, and cut in pieces all the vessels of gold which Solomon king of Israel had made in the temple of the LORD, as the LORD had said.
2 Kings 25:3	And on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine prevailed in the city, and there was no bread for the people of the land.
2 Kings 25:13	And the pillars of brass that were in the house of the LORD, and the bases, and the brazen sea that was in the house of the LORD, did the Chaldees break in pieces, and carried the brass of them to Babylon.
2 Kings 25:23	And when all the captains of the armies, they and their men, heard that the king of Babylon had made Gedaliah governor, there came to Gedaliah to Mizpah, even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan the son of Careah, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth the Netophathite, and Jaazaniah the son of a Maachathite, they and their men.
1 Chronicles 1:3	Henoch, Methuselah, Lamech,
1 Chronicles 1:13	And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth,
1 Chronicles 1:23	And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab. All these were the sons of Joktan.
1 Chronicles 1:33	And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Henoch, and Abida, and Eldaah. All these are the sons of Keturah.
1 Chronicles 1:43	Now these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom before any king reigned over the children of Israel; Bela the son of Beor: and the name of his city was Dinhabah.
1 Chronicles 1:53	Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,
1 Chronicles 2:9	The sons also of Hezron, that were born unto him; Jerahmeel, and Ram, and Chelubai.
1 Chronicles 2:19	And when Azubah was dead, Caleb took unto him Ephrath, which bare him Hur.
1 Chronicles 2:29	And the name of the wife of Abishur was Abihail, and she bare him Ahban, and Molid.
1 Chronicles 2:39	And Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat Eleasah,
1 Chronicles 2:49	She bare also Shaaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsa.
1 Chronicles 3:4	These six were born unto him in Hebron; and there he reigned seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years.
1 Chronicles 3:14	Amon his son, Josiah his son.
1 Chronicles 3:24	And the sons of Elioenai were, Hodaiah, and Eliashib, and Pelaiah, and Akkub, and Johanan, and Dalaiah, and Anani, seven.
1 Chronicles 4:10	And Jabez called on the God of Israel, saying, Oh that thou wouldest bless me indeed, and enlarge my coast, and that thine hand might be with me, and that thou wouldest keep me from evil, that it may not grieve me! And God granted him that which he requested.
1 Chronicles 4:20	And the sons of Shimon were, Amnon, and Rinnah, Benhanan, and Tilon. And the sons of Ishi were, Zoheth, and Benzoheth.
1 Chronicles 4:30	And at Bethuel, and at Hormah, and at Ziklag,
1 Chronicles 4:40	And they found fat pasture and good, and the land was wide, and quiet, and peaceable; for they of Ham had dwelt there of old.
1 Chronicles 5:7	And his brethren by their families, when the genealogy of their generations was reckoned, were the chief, Jeiel, and Zechariah,
1 Chronicles 5:17	All these were reckoned by genealogies in the days of Jotham king of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam king of Israel.
1 Chronicles 6:1	The sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
1 Chronicles 6:11	And Azariah begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,
1 Chronicles 6:21	Joah his son, Iddo his son, Zerah his son, Jeaterai his son.
1 Chronicles 6:31	And these are they whom David set over the service of song in the house of the LORD, after that the ark had rest.
1 Chronicles 6:41	The son of Ethni, the son of Zerah, the son of Adaiah,
1 Chronicles 6:51	Bukki his son, Uzzi his son, Zerahiah his son,
1 Chronicles 6:61	And unto the sons of Kohath, which were left of the family of that tribe, were cities given out of the half tribe, namely, out of the half tribe of Manasseh, by lot, ten cities.
1 Chronicles 6:71	Unto the sons of Gershom were given out of the family of the half tribe of Manasseh, Golan in Bashan with her suburbs, and Ashtaroth with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 6:81	And Heshbon with her suburbs, and Jazer with her suburbs.
1 Chronicles 7:10	The sons also of Jediael; Bilhan: and the sons of Bilhan; Jeush, and Benjamin, and Ehud, and Chenaanah, and Zethan, and Tharshish, and Ahishahar.
1 Chronicles 7:20	And the sons of Ephraim; Shuthelah, and Bered his son, and Tahath his son, and Eladah his son, and Tahath his son,
1 Chronicles 7:30	The sons of Asher; Imnah, and Isuah, and Ishuai, and Beriah, and Serah their sister.
1 Chronicles 7:40	All these were the children of Asher, heads of their father's house, choice and mighty men of valor, chief of the princes. And the number throughout the genealogy of them that were apt to the war and to battle was twenty and six thousand men.
1 Chronicles 8:10	And Jeuz, and Shachia, and Mirma. These were his sons, heads of the fathers.
1 Chronicles 8:20	And Elienai, and Zilthai, and Eliel,
1 Chronicles 8:30	And his firstborn son Abdon, and Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Nadab,
1 Chronicles 8:40	And the sons of Ulam were mighty men of valor, archers, and had many sons, and sons' sons, an hundred and fifty. All these are of the sons of Benjamin.
1 Chronicles 9:10	And of the priests; Jedaiah, and Jehoiarib, and Jachin,
1 Chronicles 9:20	And Phinehas the son of Eleazar was the ruler over them in time past, and the LORD was with him.
1 Chronicles 9:30	And some of the sons of the priests made the ointment of the spices.
1 Chronicles 9:40	And the son of Jonathan was Meribbaal: and Meribbaal begat Micah.
1 Chronicles 10:6	So Saul died, and his three sons, and all his house died together.
1 Chronicles 11:2	And moreover in time past, even when Saul was king, thou wast he that leddest out and broughtest in Israel: and the LORD thy God said unto thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be ruler over my people Israel.
1 Chronicles 11:12	And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo, the Ahohite, who was one of the three mighties.
1 Chronicles 11:22	Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the son of a valiant man of Kabzeel, who had done many acts; he slew two lionlike men of Moab: also he went down and slew a lion in a pit in a snowy day.
1 Chronicles 11:32	Hurai of the brooks of Gaash, Abiel the Arbathite,
1 Chronicles 11:42	Adina the son of Shiza the Reubenite, a captain of the Reubenites, and thirty with him,
1 Chronicles 12:5	Eluzai, and Jerimoth, and Bealiah, and Shemariah, and Shephatiah the Haruphite,
1 Chronicles 12:15	These are they that went over Jordan in the first month, when it had overflown all his banks; and they put to flight all them of the valleys, both toward the east, and toward the west.
1 Chronicles 12:25	Of the children of Simeon, mighty men of valor for the war, seven thousand and one hundred.
1 Chronicles 12:35	And of the Danites expert in war twenty and eight thousand and six hundred.
1 Chronicles 13:5	So David gathered all Israel together, from Shihor of Egypt even unto the entering of Hemath, to bring the ark of God from Kirjathjearim.
1 Chronicles 14:1	Now Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and timber of cedars, with masons and carpenters, to build him an house.
1 Chronicles 14:11	So they came up to Baalperazim; and David smote them there. Then David said, God hath broken in upon mine enemies by mine hand like the breaking forth of waters: therefore they called the name of that place Baalperazim.
1 Chronicles 15:4	And David assembled the children of Aaron, and the Levites:
1 Chronicles 15:14	So the priests and the Levites sanctified themselves to bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel.
1 Chronicles 15:24	And Shebaniah, and Jehoshaphat, and Nethaneel, and Amasai, and Zechariah, and Benaiah, and Eliezer, the priests, did blow with the trumpets before the ark of God: and Obededom and Jehiah were doorkeepers for the ark.
1 Chronicles 16:5	Asaph the chief, and next to him Zechariah, Jeiel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Mattithiah, and Eliab, and Benaiah, and Obededom: and Jeiel with psalteries and with harps; but Asaph made a sound with cymbals;
1 Chronicles 16:15	Be ye mindful always of his covenant; the word which he commanded to a thousand generations;
1 Chronicles 16:25	For great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised: he also is to be feared above all gods.
1 Chronicles 16:35	And say ye, Save us, O God of our salvation, and gather us together, and deliver us from the heathen, that we may give thanks to thy holy name, and glory in thy praise.
1 Chronicles 17:2	Then Nathan said unto David, Do all that is in thine heart; for God is with thee.
1 Chronicles 17:12	He shall build me an house, and I will stablish his throne for ever.
1 Chronicles 17:22	For thy people Israel didst thou make thine own people for ever; and thou, LORD, becamest their God.
1 Chronicles 18:5	And when the Syrians of Damascus came to help Hadarezer king of Zobah, David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men.
1 Chronicles 18:15	And Joab the son of Zeruiah was over the host; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, recorder.
1 Chronicles 19:8	And when David heard of it, he sent Joab, and all the host of the mighty men.
1 Chronicles 19:18	But the Syrians fled before Israel; and David slew of the Syrians seven thousand men which fought in chariots, and forty thousand footmen, and killed Shophach the captain of the host.
1 Chronicles 21:1	And Satan stood up against Israel, and provoked David to number Israel.
1 Chronicles 21:11	So Gad came to David, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Choose thee
1 Chronicles 21:21	And as David came to Ornan, Ornan looked and saw David, and went out of the threshingfloor, and bowed himself to David with his face to the ground.
1 Chronicles 22:1	Then David said, This is the house of the LORD God, and this is the altar of the burnt offering for Israel.
1 Chronicles 22:11	Now, my son, the LORD be with thee; and prosper thou, and build the house of the LORD thy God, as he hath said of thee.
1 Chronicles 23:2	And he gathered together all the princes of Israel, with the priests and the Levites.
1 Chronicles 23:12	The sons of Kohath; Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel, four.
1 Chronicles 23:22	And Eleazar died, and had no sons, but daughters: and their brethren the sons of Kish took them.
1 Chronicles 23:32	And that they should keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the charge of the holy place, and the charge of the sons of Aaron their brethren, in the service of the house of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 24:10	The seventh to Hakkoz, the eighth to Abijah,
1 Chronicles 24:20	And the rest of the sons of Levi were these: Of the sons of Amram; Shubael: of the sons of Shubael; Jehdeiah.
1 Chronicles 24:30	The sons also of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jerimoth. These were the sons of the Levites after the house of their fathers.
1 Chronicles 25:9	Now the first lot came forth for Asaph to Joseph: the second to Gedaliah, who with his brethren and sons were twelve:
1 Chronicles 25:19	The twelfth to Hashabiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 25:29	The two and twentieth to Giddalti, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 26:8	All these of the sons of Obededom: they and their sons and their brethren, able men for strength for the service, were threescore and two of Obededom.
1 Chronicles 26:18	At Parbar westward, four at the causeway, and two at Parbar.
1 Chronicles 26:28	And all that Samuel the seer, and Saul the son of Kish, and Abner the son of Ner, and Joab the son of Zeruiah, had dedicated; and whosoever had dedicated any thing, it was under the hand of Shelomith, and of his brethren.
1 Chronicles 27:6	This is that Benaiah, who was mighty among the thirty, and above the thirty: and in his course was Ammizabad his son.
1 Chronicles 27:16	Furthermore over the tribes of Israel: the ruler of the Reubenites was Eliezer the son of Zichri: of the Simeonites, Shephatiah the son of Maachah:
1 Chronicles 27:26	And over them that did the work of the field for tillage of the ground was Ezri the son of Chelub:
1 Chronicles 28:2	Then David the king stood up upon his feet, and said, Hear me, my brethren, and my people: As for me, I had in mine heart to build an house of rest for the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and for the footstool of our God, and had made ready for the building:
1 Chronicles 28:12	And the pattern of all that he had by the spirit, of the courts of the house of the LORD, and of all the chambers round about, of the treasuries of the house of God, and of the treasuries of the dedicated things:
1 Chronicles 29:1	Furthermore David the king said unto all the congregation, Solomon my son, whom alone God hath chosen, is yet young and tender, and the work is great: for the palace is not for man, but for the LORD God.
1 Chronicles 29:11	Thine, O LORD is the greatness, and the power, and the glory, and the victory, and the majesty: for all that is in the heaven and in the earth is thine; thine is the kingdom, O LORD, and thou art exalted as head above all.
1 Chronicles 29:21	And they sacrificed sacrifices unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings unto the LORD, on the morrow after that day, even a thousand bullocks, a thousand rams, and a thousand lambs, with their drink offerings, and sacrifices in abundance for all Israel:
2 Chronicles 1:1	And Solomon the son of David was strengthened in his kingdom, and the LORD his God was with him, and magnified him exceedingly.
2 Chronicles 1:11	And God said to Solomon, Because this was in thine heart, and thou hast not asked riches, wealth, or honor, nor the life of thine enemies, neither yet hast asked long life; but hast asked wisdom and knowledge for thyself, that thou mayest judge my people, over whom I have made thee king:
2 Chronicles 2:4	Behold, I build an house to the name of the LORD my God, to dedicate it to him, and to burn before him sweet incense, and for the continual shewbread, and for the burnt offerings morning and evening, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts of the LORD our God. This is an ordinance for ever to Israel.
2 Chronicles 2:14	The son of a woman of the daughters of Dan, and his father was a man of Tyre, skillful to work in gold, and in silver, in brass, in iron, in stone, and in timber, in purple, in blue, and in fine linen, and in crimson; also to grave any manner of graving, and to find out every device which shall be put to him, with thy cunning men, and with the cunning men of my lord David thy father.
2 Chronicles 3:6	And he garnished the house with precious stones for beauty: and the gold was gold of Parvaim.
2 Chronicles 3:16	And he made chains, as in the oracle, and put them on the heads of the pillars; and made an hundred pomegranates, and put them on the chains.
2 Chronicles 4:9	Furthermore he made the court of the priests, and the great court, and doors for the court, and overlaid the doors of them with brass.
2 Chronicles 4:19	And Solomon made all the vessels that were for the house of God, the golden altar also, and the tables whereon the shewbread was set;
2 Chronicles 5:7	And the priests brought in the ark of the covenant of the LORD unto his place, to the oracle of the house, into the most holy place, even under the wings of the cherubim:
2 Chronicles 6:3	And the king turned his face, and blessed the whole congregation of Israel: and all the congregation of Israel stood.
2 Chronicles 6:13	For Solomon had made a brazen scaffold of five cubits long, and five cubits broad, and three cubits high, and had set it in the midst of the court: and upon it he stood, and kneeled down upon his knees before all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands toward heaven.
2 Chronicles 6:23	Then hear thou from heaven, and do, and judge thy servants, by requiting the wicked, by recompensing his way upon his own head; and by justifying the righteous, by giving him according to his righteousness.
2 Chronicles 6:33	Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the stranger calleth to thee for; that all people of the earth may know thy name, and fear thee, as doth thy people Israel, and may know that this house which I have built is called by thy name.
2 Chronicles 7:1	Now when Solomon had made an end of praying, the fire came down from heaven, and consumed the burnt offering and the sacrifices; and the glory of the LORD filled the house.
2 Chronicles 7:11	Thus Solomon finished the house of the LORD, and the king's house: and all that came into Solomon's heart to make in the house of the LORD, and in his own house, he prosperously effected.
2 Chronicles 7:21	And this house, which is high, shall be an astonishment to every one that passeth by it; so that he shall say, Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land, and unto this house?
2 Chronicles 8:9	But of the children of Israel did Solomon make no servants for his work; but they were men of war, and chief of his captains, and captains of his chariots and horsemen.
2 Chronicles 9:1	And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon, she came to prove Solomon with hard questions at Jerusalem, with a very great company, and camels that bare spices, and gold in abundance, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all that was in her heart.
2 Chronicles 9:11	And the king made of the algum trees terraces to the house of the LORD, and to the king's palace, and harps and psalteries for singers: and there were none such seen before in the land of Judah.
2 Chronicles 9:21	For the king's ships went to Tarshish with the servants of Huram: every three years once came the ships of Tarshish bringing gold, and silver, ivory, and apes, and peacocks.
2 Chronicles 9:31	And Solomon slept with his fathers, and he was buried in the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 10:10	And the young men that were brought up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus shalt thou answer the people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made our yoke heavy, but make thou it somewhat lighter for us; thus shalt thou say unto them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father's loins.
2 Chronicles 11:1	And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he gathered of the house of Judah and Benjamin an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men, which were warriors, to fight against Israel, that he might bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam.
2 Chronicles 11:11	And he fortified the strong holds, and put captains in them, and store of victual, and of oil and wine.
2 Chronicles 11:21	And Rehoboam loved Maachah the daughter of Absalom above all his wives and his concubines: (for he took eighteen wives, and threescore concubines; and begat twenty and eight sons, and threescore daughters.)
2 Chronicles 12:8	Nevertheless they shall be his servants; that they may know my service, and the service of the kingdoms of the countries.
2 Chronicles 13:2	He reigned three years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Michaiah the daughter of Uriel of Gibeah. And there was war between Abijah and Jeroboam.
2 Chronicles 13:12	And, behold, God himself is with us for our captain, and his priests with sounding trumpets to cry alarm against you. O children of Israel, fight ye not against the LORD God of your fathers; for ye shall not prosper.
2 Chronicles 13:22	And the rest of the acts of Abijah, and his ways, and his sayings, are written in the story of the prophet Iddo.
2 Chronicles 14:10	Then Asa went out against him, and they set the battle in array in the valley of Zephathah at Mareshah.
2 Chronicles 15:5	And in those times there was no peace to him that went out, nor to him that came in, but great vexations were upon all the inhabitants of the countries.
2 Chronicles 15:15	And all Judah rejoiced at the oath: for they had sworn with all their heart, and sought him with their whole desire; and he was found of them: and the LORD gave them rest round about.
2 Chronicles 16:6	Then Asa the king took all Judah; and they carried away the stones of Ramah, and the timber thereof, wherewith Baasha was building; and he built therewith Geba and Mizpah.
2 Chronicles 17:2	And he placed forces in all the fenced cities of Judah, and set garrisons in the land of Judah, and in the cities of Ephraim, which Asa his father had taken.
2 Chronicles 17:12	And Jehoshaphat waxed great exceedingly; and he built in Judah castles, and cities of store.
2 Chronicles 18:3	And Ahab king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat king of Judah, Wilt thou go with me to Ramothgilead? And he answered him, I am as thou art, and my people as thy people; and we will be with thee in the war.
2 Chronicles 18:13	And Micaiah said, As the LORD liveth, even what my God saith, that will I speak.
2 Chronicles 18:23	Then Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah came near, and smote Micaiah upon the cheek, and said, Which way went the Spirit of the LORD from me to speak unto thee?
2 Chronicles 18:33	And a certain man drew a bow at a venture, and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness: therefore he said to his chariot man, Turn thine hand, that thou mayest carry me out of the host; for I am wounded.
2 Chronicles 19:9	And he charged them, saying, Thus shall ye do in the fear of the LORD, faithfully, and with a perfect heart.
2 Chronicles 20:8	And they dwelt therein, and have built thee a sanctuary therein for thy name, saying,
2 Chronicles 20:18	And Jehoshaphat bowed his head with his face to the ground: and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem fell before the LORD, worshipping the LORD.
2 Chronicles 20:28	And they came to Jerusalem with psalteries and harps and trumpets unto the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 21:1	Now Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David. And Jehoram his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 21:11	Moreover he made high places in the mountains of Judah and caused the inhabitants of Jerusalem to commit fornication, and compelled Judah thereto.
2 Chronicles 22:1	And the inhabitants of Jerusalem made Ahaziah his youngest son king in his stead: for the band of men that came with the Arabians to the camp had slain all the eldest. So Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah reigned.
2 Chronicles 22:11	But Jehoshabeath, the daughter of the king, took Joash the son of Ahaziah, and stole him from among the king's sons that were slain, and put him and his nurse in a bedchamber. So Jehoshabeath, the daughter of king Jehoram, the wife of Jehoiada the priest, (for she was the sister of Ahaziah,) hid him from Athaliah, so that she slew him not.
2 Chronicles 23:9	Moreover Jehoiada the priest delivered to the captains of hundreds spears, and bucklers, and shields, that had been king David's, which were in the house of God.
2 Chronicles 23:19	And he set the porters at the gates of the house of the LORD, that none which was unclean in any thing should enter in.
2 Chronicles 24:8	And at the king's commandment they made a chest, and set it without at the gate of the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 24:18	And they left the house of the LORD God of their fathers, and served groves and idols: and wrath came upon Judah and Jerusalem for this their trespass.
2 Chronicles 25:1	Amaziah was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jehoaddan of Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 25:11	And Amaziah strengthened himself, and led forth his people, and went to the valley of salt, and smote of the children of Seir ten thousand.
2 Chronicles 25:21	So Joash the king of Israel went up; and they saw one another in the face, both he and Amaziah king of Judah, at Bethshemesh, which belongeth to Judah.
2 Chronicles 26:3	Sixteen years old was Uzziah when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and two years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Jecoliah of Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 26:13	And under their hand was an army, three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred, that made war with mighty power, to help the king against the enemy.
2 Chronicles 26:23	So Uzziah slept with his fathers, and they buried him with his fathers in the field of the burial which belonged to the kings; for they said, He is a leper: and Jotham his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 28:1	Ahaz was twenty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem: but he did not that which was right in the sight of the LORD, like David his father:
2 Chronicles 28:11	Now hear me therefore, and deliver the captives again, which ye have taken captive of your brethren: for the fierce wrath of the LORD is upon you.
2 Chronicles 28:21	For Ahaz took away a portion out of the house of the LORD, and out of the house of the king, and of the princes, and gave it unto the king of Assyria: but he helped him not.
2 Chronicles 29:4	And he brought in the priests and the Levites, and gathered them together into the east street,
2 Chronicles 29:14	And of the sons of Heman; Jehiel, and Shimei: and of the sons of Jeduthun; Shemaiah, and Uzziel.
2 Chronicles 29:24	And the priests killed them, and they made reconciliation with their blood upon the altar, to make an atonement for all Israel: for the king commanded that the burnt offering and the sin offering should be made for all Israel.
2 Chronicles 29:34	But the priests were too few, so that they could not flay all the burnt offerings: wherefore their brethren the Levites did help them, till the work was ended, and until the other priests had sanctified themselves: for the Levites were more upright in heart to sanctify themselves than the priests.
2 Chronicles 30:8	Now be ye not stiffnecked, as your fathers were, but yield yourselves unto the LORD, and enter into his sanctuary, which he hath sanctified for ever: and serve the LORD your God, that the fierceness of his wrath may turn away from you.
2 Chronicles 30:18	For a multitude of the people, even many of Ephraim, and Manasseh, Issachar, and Zebulun, had not cleansed themselves, yet did they eat the passover otherwise than it was written. But Hezekiah prayed for them, saying, The good LORD pardon every one
2 Chronicles 31:1	Now when all this was finished, all Israel that were present went out to the cities of Judah, and brake the images in pieces, and cut down the groves, and threw down the high places and the altars out of all Judah and Benjamin, in Ephraim also and Manasseh, until they had utterly destroyed them all. Then all the children of Israel returned, every man to his possession, into their own cities.
2 Chronicles 31:11	Then Hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of the LORD; and they prepared them,
2 Chronicles 31:21	And in every work that he began in the service of the house of God, and in the law, and in the commandments, to seek his God, he did it with all his heart, and prospered.
2 Chronicles 32:10	Thus saith Sennacherib king of Assyria, Whereon do ye trust, that ye abide in the siege in Jerusalem?
2 Chronicles 32:20	And for this cause Hezekiah the king, and the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz, prayed and cried to heaven.
2 Chronicles 32:30	This same Hezekiah also stopped the upper watercourse of Gihon, and brought it straight down to the west side of the city of David. And Hezekiah prospered in all his works.
2 Chronicles 33:7	And he set a carved image, the idol which he had made, in the house of God, of which God had said to David and to Solomon his son, In this house, and in Jerusalem, which I have chosen before all the tribes of Israel, will I put my name for ever:
2 Chronicles 33:17	Nevertheless the people did sacrifice still in the high places, yet unto the LORD their God only.
2 Chronicles 34:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the ways of David his father, and declined neither to the right hand, nor to the left.
2 Chronicles 34:12	And the men did the work faithfully: and the overseers of them were Jahath and Obadiah, the Levites, of the sons of Merari; and Zechariah and Meshullam, of the sons of the Kohathites, to set it forward; and other of the Levites, all that could skill of instruments of music.
2 Chronicles 34:22	And Hilkiah, and they that the king had appointed, went to Huldah the prophetess, the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvath, the son of Hasrah, keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college:) and they spake to her to that effect.
2 Chronicles 34:32	And he caused all that were present in Jerusalem and Benjamin to stand to it. And the inhabitants of Jerusalem did according to the covenant of God, the God of their fathers.
2 Chronicles 35:9	Conaniah also, and Shemaiah and Nethaneel, his brethren, and Hashabiah and Jeiel and Jozabad, chief of the Levites, gave unto the Levites for passover offerings five thousand small cattle, and five hundred oxen.
2 Chronicles 35:19	In the eighteenth year of the reign of Josiah was this passover kept.
2 Chronicles 36:2	Jehoahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:12	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God, and humbled not himself before Jeremiah the prophet speaking from the mouth of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 36:22	Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah might be accomplished, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,
Ezra 1:9	And this is the number of them: thirty chargers of gold, a thousand chargers of silver, nine and twenty knives,
Ezra 2:8	The children of Zattu, nine hundred forty and five.
Ezra 2:18	The children of Jorah, an hundred and twelve.
Ezra 2:28	The men of Bethel and Ai, two hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:38	The children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven.
Ezra 2:48	The children of Rezin, the children of Nekoda, the children of Gazzam,
Ezra 2:58	All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two.
Ezra 2:68	And some of the chief of the fathers, when they came to the house of the LORD which is at Jerusalem, offered freely for the house of God to set it up in his place:
Ezra 3:8	Now in the second year of their coming unto the house of God at Jerusalem, in the second month, began Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and the remnant of their brethren the priests and the Levites, and all they that were come out of the captivity unto Jerusalem; and appointed the Levites, from twenty years old and upward, to set forward the work of the house of the LORD.
Ezra 4:5	And hired counsellors against them, to frustrate their purpose, all the days of Cyrus king of Persia, even until the reign of Darius king of Persia.
Ezra 4:15	That search may be made in the book of the records of thy fathers: so shalt thou find in the book of the records, and know that this city is a rebellious city, and hurtful unto kings and provinces, and that they have moved sedition within the same of old time: for which cause was this city destroyed.
Ezra 5:1	Then the prophets, Haggai the prophet, and Zechariah the son of Iddo, prophesied unto the Jews that were in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the God of Israel, even unto them.
Ezra 5:11	And thus they returned us answer, saying, We are the servants of the God of heaven and earth, and build the house that was builded these many years ago, which a great king of Israel builded and set up.
Ezra 6:4	With three rows of great stones, and a row of new timber: and let the expenses be given out of the king's house:
Ezra 6:14	And the elders of the Jews builded, and they prospered through the prophesying of Haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son of Iddo. And they builded, and finished it, according to the commandment of the God of Israel, and according to the commandment of Cyrus, and Darius, and Artaxerxes king of Persia.
Ezra 7:2	The son of Shallum, the son of Zadok, the son of Ahitub,
Ezra 7:12	Artaxerxes, king of kings, unto Ezra the priest, a scribe of the law of the God of heaven, perfect peace, and at such a time.
Ezra 7:22	Unto an hundred talents of silver, and to an hundred measures of wheat, and to an hundred baths of wine, and to an hundred baths of oil, and salt without prescribing how much.
Ezra 8:4	Of the sons of Pahathmoab; Elihoenai the son of Zerahiah, and with him two hundred males.
Ezra 8:14	Of the sons also of Bigvai; Uthai, and Zabbud, and with them seventy males.
Ezra 8:24	Then I separated twelve of the chief of the priests, Sherebiah, Hashabiah, and ten of their brethren with them,
Ezra 8:34	By number and by weight of every one: and all the weight was written at that time.
Ezra 9:8	And now for a little space grace hath been shewed from the LORD our God, to leave us a remnant to escape, and to give us a nail in his holy place, that our God may lighten our eyes, and give us a little reviving in our bondage.
Ezra 10:3	Now therefore let us make a covenant with our God to put away all the wives, and such as are born of them, according to the counsel of my lord, and of those that tremble at the commandment of our God; and let it be done according to the law.
Ezra 10:13	But the people are many, and it is a time of much rain, and we are not able to stand without, neither is this a work of one day or two: for we are many that have transgressed in this thing.
Ezra 10:23	Also of the Levites; Jozabad, and Shimei, and Kelaiah, (the same is Kelita,) Pethahiah, Judah, and Eliezer.
Ezra 10:33	Of the sons of Hashum; Mattenai, Mattathah, Zabad, Eliphelet, Jeremai, Manasseh, and Shimei.
Ezra 10:43	Of the sons of Nebo; Jeiel, Mattithiah, Zabad, Zebina, Jadau, and Joel, Benaiah.
Nehemiah 1:9	But if ye turn unto me, and keep my commandments, and do them; though there were of you cast out unto the uttermost part of the heaven, yet will I gather them from thence, and will bring them unto the place that I have chosen to set my name there.
Nehemiah 2:8	And a letter unto Asaph the keeper of the king's forest, that he may give me timber to make beams for the gates of the palace which appertained to the house, and for the wall of the city, and for the house that I shall enter into. And the king granted me, according to the good hand of my God upon me.
Nehemiah 2:18	Then I told them of the hand of my God which was good upon me; as also the king's words that he had spoken unto me. And they said, Let us rise up and build. So they strengthened their hands for this good work.
Nehemiah 3:8	Next unto him repaired Uzziel the son of Harhaiah, of the goldsmiths. Next unto him also repaired Hananiah the son of one of the apothecaries, and they fortified Jerusalem unto the broad wall.
Nehemiah 3:18	After him repaired their brethren, Bavai the son of Henadad, the ruler of the half part of Keilah.
Nehemiah 3:28	From above the horse gate repaired the priests, every one over against his house.
Nehemiah 4:6	So built we the wall; and all the wall was joined together unto the half thereof: for the people had a mind to work.
Nehemiah 4:16	And it came to pass from that time forth, that the half of my servants wrought in the work, and the other half of them held both the spears, the shields, and the bows, and the habergeons; and the rulers were behind all the house of Judah.
Nehemiah 5:3	Some also there were that said, We have mortgaged our lands, vineyards, and houses, that we might buy corn, because of the dearth.
Nehemiah 5:13	Also I shook my lap, and said, So God shake out every man from his house, and from his labour, that performeth not this promise, even thus be he shaken out, and emptied. And all the congregation said, Amen, and praised the LORD. And the people did according to this promise.
Nehemiah 6:4	Yet they sent unto me four times after this sort; and I answered them after the same manner.
Nehemiah 6:14	My God, think thou upon Tobiah and Sanballat according to these their works, and on the prophetess Noadiah, and the rest of the prophets, that would have put me in fear.
Nehemiah 7:5	And my God put into mine heart to gather together the nobles, and the rulers, and the people, that they might be reckoned by genealogy. And I found a register of the genealogy of them which came up at the first, and found written therein,
Nehemiah 7:15	The children of Binnui, six hundred forty and eight.
Nehemiah 7:25	The children of Gibeon, ninety and five.
Nehemiah 7:35	The children of Harim, three hundred and twenty.
Nehemiah 7:45	The porters: the children of Shallum, the children of Ater, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, an hundred thirty and eight.
Nehemiah 7:55	The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Tamah,
Nehemiah 7:65	And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a priest with Urim and Thummim.
Nehemiah 8:2	And Ezra the priest brought the law before the congregation both of men and women, and all that could hear with understanding, upon the first day of the seventh month.
Nehemiah 8:12	And all the people went their way to eat, and to drink, and to send portions, and to make great mirth, because they had understood the words that were declared unto them.
Nehemiah 9:4	Then stood up upon the stairs, of the Levites, Jeshua, and Bani, Kadmiel, Shebaniah, Bunni, Sherebiah, Bani, and Chenani, and cried with a loud voice unto the LORD their God.
Nehemiah 9:14	And madest known unto them thy holy sabbath, and commandedst them precepts, statutes, and laws, by the hand of Moses thy servant:
Nehemiah 9:24	So the children went in and possessed the land, and thou subduedst before them the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, and gavest them into their hands, with their kings, and the people of the land, that they might do with them as they would.
Nehemiah 9:34	Neither have our kings, our princes, our priests, nor our fathers, kept thy law, nor hearkened unto thy commandments and thy testimonies, wherewith thou didst testify against them.
Nehemiah 10:6	Daniel, Ginnethon, Baruch,
Nehemiah 10:16	Adonijah, Bigvai, Adin,
Nehemiah 10:26	And Ahijah, Hanan, Anan,
Nehemiah 10:36	Also the firstborn of our sons, and of our cattle, as it is written in the law, and the firstlings of our herds and of our flocks, to bring to the house of our God, unto the priests that minister in the house of our God:
Nehemiah 11:7	And these are the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Joed, the son of Pedaiah, the son of Kolaiah, the son of Maaseiah, the son of Ithiel, the son of Jesaiah.
Nehemiah 11:17	And Mattaniah the son of Micha, the son of Zabdi, the son of Asaph, was the principal to begin the thanksgiving in prayer: and Bakbukiah the second among his brethren, and Abda the son of Shammua, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun.
Nehemiah 11:27	And at Hazarshual, and at Beersheba, and in the villages thereof,
Nehemiah 12:1	Now these are the priests and the Levites that went up with Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua: Seraiah, Jeremiah, Ezra,
Nehemiah 12:11	And Joiada begat Jonathan, and Jonathan begat Jaddua.
Nehemiah 12:21	Of Hilkiah, Hashabiah; of Jedaiah, Nethaneel.
Nehemiah 12:31	Then I brought up the princes of Judah upon the wall, and appointed two great companies of them that gave thanks, whereof one went on the right hand upon the wall toward the dung gate:
Nehemiah 12:41	And the priests; Eliakim, Maaseiah, Miniamin, Michaiah, Elioenai, Zechariah, and Hananiah, with trumpets;
Nehemiah 13:4	And before this, Eliashib the priest, having the oversight of the chamber of the house of our God, was allied unto Tobiah:
Nehemiah 13:14	Remember me, O my God, concerning this, and wipe not out my good deeds that I have done for the house of my God, and for the offices thereof.
Nehemiah 13:24	And their children spake half in the speech of Ashdod, and could not speak in the Jews' language, but according to the language of each people.
Esther 1:3	In the third year of his reign, he made a feast unto all his princes and his servants; the power of Persia and Media, the nobles and princes of the provinces, being before him:
Esther 1:13	Then the king said to the wise men, which knew the times, (for so was the king's manner toward all that knew law and judgment:
Esther 2:1	After these things, when the wrath of king Ahasuerus was appeased, he remembered Vashti, and what she had done, and what was decreed against her.
Esther 2:11	And Mordecai walked every day before the court of the women's house, to know how Esther did, and what should become of her.
Esther 2:21	In those days, while Mordecai sat in the king's gate, two of the king's chamberlains, Bigthan and Teresh, of those which kept the door, were wroth, and sought to lay hands on the king Ahasuerus.
Esther 3:8	And Haman said unto king Ahasuerus, There is a certain people scattered abroad and dispersed among the people in all the provinces of thy kingdom; and their laws are diverse from all people; neither keep they the king's laws: therefore it is not for the king's profit to suffer them.
Esther 4:3	And in every province, whithersoever the king's commandment and his decree came, there was great mourning among the Jews, and fasting, and weeping, and wailing; and many lay in sackcloth and ashes.
Esther 4:13	Then Mordecai commanded to answer Esther, Think not with thyself that thou shalt escape in the king's house, more than all the Jews.
Esther 5:6	And the king said unto Esther at the banquet of wine, What is thy petition? and it shall be granted thee: and what is thy request? even to the half of the kingdom it shall be performed.
Esther 6:2	And it was found written, that Mordecai had told of Bigthana and Teresh, two of the king's chamberlains, the keepers of the door, who sought to lay hand on the king Ahasuerus.
Esther 6:12	And Mordecai came again to the king's gate. But Haman hasted to his house mourning, and having his head covered.
Esther 7:8	Then the king returned out of the palace garden into the place of the banquet of wine; and Haman was fallen upon the bed whereon Esther was. Then said the king, Will he force the queen also before me in the house? As the word went out of king's mouth, they covered Haman's face.
Esther 8:8	Write ye also for the Jews, as it liketh you, in the king's name, and seal it with the king's ring: for the writing which is written in the king's name, and sealed with the king's ring, may no man reverse.
Esther 9:1	Now in the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar, on the thirteenth day of the same, when the king's commandment and his decree drew near to be put in execution, in the day that the enemies of the Jews hoped to have power over them, (though it was turned to the contrary, that the Jews had rule over them that hated them;)
Esther 9:11	On that day the number of those that were slain in Shushan the palace was brought before the king.
Esther 9:21	To stablish this among them, that they should keep the fourteenth day of the month Adar, and the fifteenth day of the same, yearly,
Esther 9:31	To confirm these days of Purim in their times appointed, according as Mordecai the Jew and Esther the queen had enjoined them, and as they had decreed for themselves and for their seed, the matters of the fastings and their cry.
Job 1:6	Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD, and Satan came also among them.
Job 1:16	While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, The fire of God is fallen from heaven, and hath burned up the sheep, and the servants, and consumed them; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.
Job 2:4	And Satan answered the LORD, and said, Skin for skin, yea, all that a man hath will he give for his life.
Job 3:1	After this opened Job his mouth, and cursed his day.
Job 3:11	Why died I not from the womb? why did I not give up the ghost when I came out of the belly?
Job 3:21	Which long for death, but it cometh not; and dig for it more than for hid treasures;
Job 4:5	But now it is come upon thee, and thou faintest; it toucheth thee, and thou art troubled.
Job 4:15	Then a spirit passed before my face; the hair of my flesh stood up:
Job 5:4	His children are far from safety, and they are crushed in the gate, neither is there any to deliver them.
Job 5:14	They meet with darkness in the day time, and grope in the noonday as in the night.
Job 5:24	And thou shalt know that thy tabernacle shall be in peace; and thou shalt visit thy habitation, and shalt not sin.
Job 6:7	The things that my soul refused to touch are as my sorrowful meat.
Job 6:17	What time they wax warm, they vanish: when it is hot, they are consumed out of their place.
Job 6:27	Yea, ye overwhelm the fatherless, and ye dig a pit for your friend.
Job 7:7	O remember that my life is wind: mine eye shall no more see good.
Job 7:17	What is man, that thou shouldest magnify him? and that thou shouldest set thine heart upon him?
Job 8:6	If thou wert pure and upright; surely now he would awake for thee, and make the habitation of thy righteousness prosperous.
Job 8:16	He is green before the sun, and his branch shooteth forth in his garden.
Job 9:4	He is wise in heart, and mighty in strength: who hath hardened himself against him, and hath prospered?
Job 9:14	How much less shall I answer him, and choose out my words to reason with him?
Job 9:24	The earth is given into the hand of the wicked: he covereth the faces of the judges thereof; if not, where, and who is he?
Job 9:34	Let him take his rod away from me, and let not his fear terrify me:
Job 10:9	Remember, I beseech thee, that thou hast made me as the clay; and wilt thou bring me into dust again?
Job 10:19	I should have been as though I had not been; I should have been carried from the womb to the grave.
Job 11:7	Canst thou by searching find out God? canst thou find out the Almighty unto perfection?
Job 11:17	And thine age shall be clearer than the noonday: thou shalt shine forth, thou shalt be as the morning.
Job 12:7	But ask now the beasts, and they shall teach thee; and the fowls of the air, and they shall tell thee:
Job 12:17	He leadeth counsellors away spoiled, and maketh the judges fools.
Job 13:2	What ye know, the same do I know also: I am not inferior unto you.
Job 13:12	Your remembrances are like unto ashes, your bodies to bodies of clay.
Job 13:22	Then call thou, and I will answer: or let me speak, and answer thou me.
Job 14:4	Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean? not one.
Job 14:14	If a man die, shall he live again? all the days of my appointed time will I wait, till my change come.
Job 15:2	Should a wise man utter vain knowledge, and fill his belly with the east wind?
Job 15:12	Why doth thine heart carry thee away? and what do thy eyes wink at,
Job 15:22	He believeth not that he shall return out of darkness, and he is waited for of the sword.
Job 15:32	It shall be accomplished before his time, and his branch shall not be green.
Job 16:7	But now he hath made me weary: thou hast made desolate all my company.
Job 16:17	Not for any injustice in mine hands: also my prayer is pure.
Job 17:5	He that speaketh flattery to his friends, even the eyes of his children shall fail.
Job 17:15	And where is now my hope? as for my hope, who shall see it?
Job 18:9	The gin shall take him by the heel, and the robber shall prevail against him.
Job 18:19	He shall neither have son nor nephew among his people, nor any remaining in his dwellings.
Job 19:8	He hath fenced up my way that I cannot pass, and he hath set darkness in my paths.
Job 19:18	Yea, young children despised me; I arose, and they spake against me.
Job 19:28	But ye should say, Why persecute we him, seeing the root of the matter is found in me?
Job 20:9	The eye also which saw him shall see him no more; neither shall his place any more behold him.
Job 20:19	Because he hath oppressed and hath forsaken the poor; because he hath violently taken away an house which he builded not;
Job 20:29	This is the portion of a wicked man from God, and the heritage appointed unto him by God.
Job 21:10	Their bull gendereth, and faileth not; their cow calveth, and casteth not her calf.
Job 21:20	His eyes shall see his destruction, and he shall drink of the wrath of the Almighty.
Job 21:30	That the wicked is reserved to the day of destruction? they shall be brought forth to the day of wrath.
Job 22:6	For thou hast taken a pledge from thy brother for nought, and stripped the naked of their clothing.
Job 22:16	Which were cut down out of time, whose foundation was overflown with a flood:
Job 22:26	For then shalt thou have thy delight in the Almighty, and shalt lift up thy face unto God.
Job 23:6	Will he plead against me with his great power? No; but he would put strength in me.
Job 23:16	For God maketh my heart soft, and the Almighty troubleth me:
Job 24:9	They pluck the fatherless from the breast, and take a pledge of the poor.
Job 24:19	Drought and heat consume the snow waters: so doth the grave those which have sinned.
Job 25:4	How then can man be justified with God? or how can he be clean that is born of a woman?
Job 26:8	He bindeth up the waters in his thick clouds; and the cloud is not rent under them.
Job 27:4	My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit.
Job 27:14	If his children be multiplied, it is for the sword: and his offspring shall not be satisfied with bread.
Job 28:1	Surely there is a vein for the silver, and a place for gold where they fine it.
Job 28:11	He bindeth the floods from overflowing; and the thing that is hid bringeth he forth to light.
Job 28:21	Seeing it is hid from the eyes of all living, and kept close from the fowls of the air.
Job 29:3	When his candle shined upon my head, and when by his light I walked through darkness;
Job 29:13	The blessing of him that was ready to perish came upon me: and I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy.
Job 29:23	And they waited for me as for the rain; and they opened their mouth wide as for the latter rain.
Job 30:8	They were children of fools, yea, children of base men: they were viler than the earth.
Job 30:18	By the great force of my disease is my garment changed: it bindeth me about as the collar of my coat.
Job 30:28	I went mourning without the sun: I stood up, and I cried in the congregation.
Job 31:7	If my step hath turned out of the way, and mine heart walked after mine eyes, and if any blot hath cleaved to mine hands;
Job 31:17	Or have eaten my morsel myself alone, and the fatherless hath not eaten thereof;
Job 31:27	And my heart hath been secretly enticed, or my mouth hath kissed my hand:
Job 31:37	I would declare unto him the number of my steps; as a prince would I go near unto him.
Job 32:7	I said, Days should speak, and multitude of years should teach wisdom.
Job 32:17	I said, I will answer also my part, I also will shew mine opinion.
Job 33:5	If thou canst answer me, set thy words in order before me, stand up.
Job 33:15	In a dream, in a vision of the night, when deep sleep falleth upon men, in slumberings upon the bed;
Job 33:25	His flesh shall be fresher than a child's: he shall return to the days of his youth:
Job 34:2	Hear my words, O ye wise men; and give ear unto me, ye that have knowledge.
Job 34:12	Yea, surely God will not do wickedly, neither will the Almighty pervert judgment.
Job 34:22	There is no darkness, nor shadow of death, where the workers of iniquity may hide themselves.
Job 34:32	That which I see not teach thou me: if I have done iniquity, I will do no more.
Job 35:5	Look unto the heavens, and see; and behold the clouds which are higher than thou.
Job 35:15	But now, because it is not so, he hath visited in his anger; yet he knoweth it not in great extremity:
Job 36:9	Then he sheweth them their work, and their transgressions that they have exceeded.
Job 36:19	Will he esteem thy riches? no, not gold, nor all the forces of strength.
Job 36:29	Also can any understand the spreadings of the clouds, or the noise of his tabernacle?
Job 37:6	For he saith to the snow, Be thou on the earth; likewise to the small rain, and to the great rain of his strength.
Job 37:16	Dost thou know the balancings of the clouds, the wondrous works of him which is perfect in knowledge?
Job 38:2	Who is this that darkeneth counsel by words without knowledge?
Job 38:12	Hast thou commanded the morning since thy days; and caused the dayspring to know his place;
Job 38:22	Hast thou entered into the treasures of the snow? or hast thou seen the treasures of the hail,
Job 38:32	Canst thou bring forth Mazzaroth in his season? or canst thou guide Arcturus with his sons?
Job 39:1	Knowest thou the time when the wild goats of the rock bring forth? or canst thou mark when the hinds do calve?
Job 39:11	Wilt thou trust him, because his strength is great? or wilt thou leave thy labour to him?
Job 39:21	He paweth in the valley, and rejoiceth in his strength: he goeth on to meet the armed men.
Job 40:1	Moreover the LORD answered Job, and said,
Job 40:11	Cast abroad the rage of thy wrath: and behold every one that is proud, and abase him.
Job 40:21	He lieth under the shady trees, in the covert of the reed, and fens.
Job 41:7	Canst thou fill his skin with barbed irons? or his head with fish spears?
Job 41:17	They are joined one to another, they stick together, that they cannot be sundered.
Job 41:27	He esteemeth iron as straw, and brass as rotten wood.
Job 42:3	Who is he that hideth counsel without knowledge? therefore have I uttered that I understood not; things too wonderful for me, which I knew not.
Job 42:13	He had also seven sons and three daughters.
Psalms 1:6	For the LORD knoweth the way of the righteous: but the way of the ungodly shall perish.
Psalms 2:10	Be wise now therefore, O ye kings: be instructed, ye judges of the earth.
Psalms 3:8	Salvation belongeth unto the LORD: thy blessing is upon thy people. Selah.
Psalms 5:2	Hearken unto the voice of my cry, my King, and my God: for unto thee will I pray.
Psalms 5:12	For thou, LORD, wilt bless the righteous; with favour wilt thou compass him as with a shield.
Psalms 6:10	Let all mine enemies be ashamed and sore vexed: let them return and be ashamed suddenly.
Psalms 7:10	My defence is of God, which saveth the upright in heart.
Psalms 8:3	When I consider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, which thou hast ordained;
Psalms 9:4	For thou hast maintained my right and my cause; thou satest in the throne judging right.
Psalms 9:14	That I may shew forth all thy praise in the gates of the daughter of Zion: I will rejoice in thy salvation.
Psalms 10:4	The wicked, through the pride of his countenance, will not seek after God: God is not in all his thoughts.
Psalms 10:14	Thou hast seen it; for thou beholdest mischief and spite, to requite it with thy hand: the poor committeth himself unto thee; thou art the helper of the fatherless.
Psalms 11:6	Upon the wicked he shall rain snares, fire and brimstone, and an horrible tempest: this shall be the portion of their cup.
Psalms 13:1	How long wilt thou forget me, O LORD? for ever? how long wilt thou hide thy face from me?
Psalms 14:5	There were they in great fear: for God is in the generation of the righteous.
Psalms 16:3	But to the saints that are in the earth, and to the excellent, in whom is all my delight.
Psalms 17:2	Let my sentence come forth from thy presence; let thine eyes behold the things that are equal.
Psalms 17:12	Like as a lion that is greedy of his prey, and as it were a young lion lurking in secret places.
Psalms 18:7	Then the earth shook and trembled; the foundations also of the hills moved and were shaken, because he was wroth.
Psalms 18:17	He delivered me from my strong enemy, and from them which hated me: for they were too strong for me.
Psalms 18:27	For thou wilt save the afflicted people; but wilt bring down high looks.
Psalms 18:37	I have pursued mine enemies, and overtaken them: neither did I turn again till they were consumed.
Psalms 18:47	It is God that avengeth me, and subdueth the people under me.
Psalms 19:7	The law of the LORD is perfect, converting the soul: the testimony of the LORD is sure, making wise the simple.
Psalms 20:3	Remember all thy offerings, and accept thy burnt sacrifice; Selah.
Psalms 21:4	He asked life of thee, and thou gavest it him, even length of days for ever and ever.
Psalms 22:1	My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? why art thou so far from helping me, and from the words of my roaring?
Psalms 22:11	Be not far from me; for trouble is near; for there is none to help.
Psalms 22:21	Save me from the lion's mouth: for thou hast heard me from the horns of the unicorns.
Psalms 22:31	They shall come, and shall declare his righteousness unto a people that shall be born, that he hath done this.
Psalms 24:4	He that hath clean hands, and a pure heart; who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully.
Psalms 25:4	Shew me thy ways, O LORD; teach me thy paths.
Psalms 25:14	The secret of the LORD is with them that fear him; and he will shew them his covenant.
Psalms 26:2	Examine me, O LORD, and prove me; try my reins and my heart.
Psalms 26:12	My foot standeth in an even place: in the congregations will I bless the LORD.
Psalms 27:10	When my father and my mother forsake me, then the LORD will take me up.
Psalms 28:6	Blessed be the LORD, because he hath heard the voice of my supplications.
Psalms 29:7	The voice of the LORD divideth the flames of fire.
Psalms 30:6	And in my prosperity I said, I shall never be moved.
Psalms 31:4	Pull me out of the net that they have laid privily for me: for thou art my strength.
Psalms 31:14	But I trusted in thee, O LORD: I said, Thou art my God.
Psalms 31:24	Be of good courage, and he shall strengthen your heart, all ye that hope in the LORD.
Psalms 32:10	Many sorrows shall be to the wicked: but he that trusteth in the LORD, mercy shall compass him about.
Psalms 33:9	For he spake, and it was done; he commanded, and it stood fast.
Psalms 33:19	To deliver their soul from death, and to keep them alive in famine.
Psalms 34:7	The angel of the LORD encampeth round about them that fear him, and delivereth them.
Psalms 34:17	The righteous cry, and the LORD heareth, and delivereth them out of all their troubles.
Psalms 35:5	Let them be as chaff before the wind: and let the angel of the LORD chase them.
Psalms 35:15	But in mine adversity they rejoiced, and gathered themselves together: yea, the abjects gathered themselves together against me, and I knew it not; they did tear me, and ceased not:
Psalms 35:25	Let them not say in their hearts, Ah, so would we have it: let them not say, We have swallowed him up.
Psalms 36:7	How excellent is thy lovingkindness, O God! therefore the children of men put their trust under the shadow of thy wings.
Psalms 37:5	Commit thy way unto the LORD; trust also in him; and he shall bring it to pass.
Psalms 37:15	Their sword shall enter into their own heart, and their bows shall be broken.
Psalms 37:25	I have been young, and now am old; yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread.
Psalms 37:35	I have seen the wicked in great power, and spreading himself like a green bay tree.
Psalms 38:5	My wounds stink and are corrupt because of my foolishness.
Psalms 38:15	For in thee, O LORD, do I hope: thou wilt hear, O Lord my God.
Psalms 39:3	My heart was hot within me, while I was musing the fire burned: then spake I with my tongue,
Psalms 39:13	O spare me, that I may recover strength, before I go hence, and be no more.
Psalms 40:10	I have not hid thy righteousness within my heart; I have declared thy faithfulness and thy salvation: I have not concealed thy lovingkindness and thy truth from the great congregation.
Psalms 41:3	The LORD will strengthen him upon the bed of languishing: thou wilt make all his bed in his sickness.
Psalms 41:13	Blessed be the LORD God of Israel from everlasting, and to everlasting. Amen, and Amen.
Psalms 42:10	As with a sword in my bones, mine enemies reproach me; while they say daily unto me, Where is thy God?
Psalms 44:4	Thou art my King, O God: command deliverances for Jacob.
Psalms 44:14	Thou makest us a byword among the heathen, a shaking of the head among the people.
Psalms 44:24	Wherefore hidest thou thy face, and forgettest our affliction and our oppression?
Psalms 45:8	All thy garments smell of myrrh, and aloes, and cassia, out of the ivory palaces, whereby they have made thee glad.
Psalms 46:1	God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
Psalms 46:11	The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our refuge. Selah.
Psalms 48:1	Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised in the city of our God, in the mountain of his holiness.
Psalms 48:11	Let mount Zion rejoice, let the daughters of Judah be glad, because of thy judgments.
Psalms 49:7	None of them can by any means redeem his brother, nor give to God a ransom for him:
Psalms 49:17	For when he dieth he shall carry nothing away: his glory shall not descend after him.
Psalms 50:7	Hear, O my people, and I will speak; O Israel, and I will testify against thee: I am God, even thy God.
Psalms 50:17	Seeing thou hatest instruction, and casteth my words behind thee.
Psalms 51:4	Against thee, thee only, have I sinned, and done this evil in thy sight: that thou mightest be justified when thou speakest, and be clear when thou judgest.
Psalms 51:14	Deliver me from bloodguiltiness, O God, thou God of my salvation: and my tongue shall sing aloud of thy righteousness.
Psalms 52:5	God shall likewise destroy thee for ever, he shall take thee away, and pluck thee out of thy dwelling place, and root thee out of the land of the living. Selah.
Psalms 53:6	Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion! When God bringeth back the captivity of his people, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad.
Psalms 55:3	Because of the voice of the enemy, because of the oppression of the wicked: for they cast iniquity upon me, and in wrath they hate me.
Psalms 55:13	But it was thou, a man mine equal, my guide, and mine acquaintance.
Psalms 55:23	But thou, O God, shalt bring them down into the pit of destruction: bloody and deceitful men shall not live out half their days; but I will trust in thee.
Psalms 56:10	In God will I praise his word: in the LORD will I praise his word.
Psalms 57:7	My heart is fixed, O God, my heart is fixed: I will sing and give praise.
Psalms 58:6	Break their teeth, O God, in their mouth: break out the great teeth of the young lions, O LORD.
Psalms 59:5	Thou therefore, O LORD God of hosts, the God of Israel, awake to visit all the heathen: be not merciful to any wicked transgressors. Selah.
Psalms 59:15	Let them wander up and down for meat, and grudge if they be not satisfied.
Psalms 60:8	Moab is my washpot; over Edom will I cast out my shoe: Philistia, triumph thou because of me.
Psalms 61:6	Thou wilt prolong the king's life: and his years as many generations.
Psalms 62:8	Trust in him at all times; ye people, pour out your heart before him: God is a refuge for us. Selah.
Psalms 63:6	When I remember thee upon my bed, and meditate on thee in the night watches.
Psalms 64:5	They encourage themselves in an evil matter: they commune of laying snares privily; they say, Who shall see them?
Psalms 65:5	By terrible things in righteousness wilt thou answer us, O God of our salvation; who art the confidence of all the ends of the earth, and of them that are afar off upon the sea:
Psalms 66:2	Sing forth the honour of his name: make his praise glorious.
Psalms 66:12	Thou hast caused men to ride over our heads; we went through fire and through water: but thou broughtest us out into a wealthy place.
Psalms 67:2	That thy way may be known upon earth, thy saving health among all nations.
Psalms 68:5	A father of the fatherless, and a judge of the widows, is God in his holy habitation.
Psalms 68:15	The hill of God is as the hill of Bashan; an high hill as the hill of Bashan.
Psalms 68:25	The singers went before, the players on instruments followed after; among them were the damsels playing with timbrels.
Psalms 68:35	O God, thou art terrible out of thy holy places: the God of Israel is he that giveth strength and power unto his people. Blessed be God.
Psalms 69:10	When I wept, and chastened my soul with fasting, that was to my reproach.
Psalms 69:20	Reproach hath broken my heart; and I am full of heaviness: and I looked for some to take pity, but there was none; and for comforters, but I found none.
Psalms 69:30	I will praise the name of God with a song, and will magnify him with thanksgiving.
Psalms 70:4	Let all those that seek thee rejoice and be glad in thee: and let such as love thy salvation say continually, Let God be magnified.
Psalms 71:9	Cast me not off in the time of old age; forsake me not when my strength faileth.
Psalms 71:19	Thy righteousness also, O God, is very high, who hast done great things: O God, who is like unto thee!
Psalms 72:5	They shall fear thee as long as the sun and moon endure, throughout all generations.
Psalms 72:15	And he shall live, and to him shall be given of the gold of Sheba: prayer also shall be made for him continually; and daily shall he be praised.
Psalms 73:5	They are not in trouble as other men; neither are they plagued like other men.
Psalms 73:15	If I say, I will speak thus; behold, I should offend against the generation of thy children.
Psalms 73:25	Whom have I in heaven but thee? and there is none upon earth that I desire beside thee.
Psalms 74:7	They have cast fire into thy sanctuary, they have defiled by casting down the dwelling place of thy name to the ground.
Psalms 74:17	Thou hast set all the borders of the earth: thou hast made summer and winter.
Psalms 75:4	I said unto the fools, Deal not foolishly: and to the wicked, Lift not up the horn:
Psalms 76:4	Thou art more glorious and excellent than the mountains of prey.
Psalms 77:2	In the day of my trouble I sought the Lord: my sore ran in the night, and ceased not: my soul refused to be comforted.
Psalms 77:12	I will meditate also of all thy work, and talk of thy doings.
Psalms 78:2	I will open my mouth in a parable: I will utter dark sayings of old:
Psalms 78:12	Marvellous things did he in the sight of their fathers, in the land of Egypt, in the field of Zoan.
Psalms 78:22	Because they believed not in God, and trusted not in his salvation:
Psalms 78:32	For all this they sinned still, and believed not for his wondrous works.
Psalms 78:42	They remembered not his hand, nor the day when he delivered them from the enemy.
Psalms 78:52	But made his own people to go forth like sheep, and guided them in the wilderness like a flock.
Psalms 78:62	He gave his people over also unto the sword; and was wroth with his inheritance.
Psalms 78:72	So he fed them according to the integrity of his heart; and guided them by the skilfulness of his hands.
Psalms 79:10	Wherefore should the heathen say, Where is their God? let him be known among the heathen in our sight by the revenging of the blood of thy servants which is shed.
Psalms 80:7	Turn us again, O God of hosts, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved.
Psalms 80:17	Let thy hand be upon the man of thy right hand, upon the son of man whom thou madest strong for thyself.
Psalms 81:8	Hear, O my people, and I will testify unto thee: O Israel, if thou wilt hearken unto me;
Psalms 82:2	How long will ye judge unjustly, and accept the persons of the wicked? Selah.
Psalms 83:4	They have said, Come, and let us cut them off from being a nation; that the name of Israel may be no more in remembrance.
Psalms 83:14	As the fire burneth a wood, and as the flame setteth the mountains on fire;
Psalms 84:6	Who passing through the valley of Baca make it a well; the rain also filleth the pools.
Psalms 85:4	Turn us, O God of our salvation, and cause thine anger toward us to cease.
Psalms 86:1	Bow down thine ear, O LORD, hear me: for I am poor and needy.
Psalms 86:11	Teach me thy way, O LORD; I will walk in thy truth: unite my heart to fear thy name.
Psalms 87:4	I will make mention of Rahab and Babylon to them that know me: behold Philistia, and Tyre, with Ethiopia; this man was born there.
Psalms 88:7	Thy wrath lieth hard upon me, and thou hast afflicted me with all thy waves. Selah.
Psalms 88:17	They came round about me daily like water; they compassed me about together.
Psalms 89:9	Thou rulest the raging of the sea: when the waves thereof arise, thou stillest them.
Psalms 89:19	Then thou spakest in vision to thy holy one, and saidst, I have laid help upon one that is mighty; I have exalted one chosen out of the people.
Psalms 89:29	His seed also will I make to endure for ever, and his throne as the days of heaven.
Psalms 89:39	Thou hast made void the covenant of thy servant: thou hast profaned his crown by casting it to the ground.
Psalms 89:49	Lord, where are thy former lovingkindnesses, which thou swarest unto David in thy truth?
Psalms 90:7	For we are consumed by thine anger, and by thy wrath are we troubled.
Psalms 90:17	And let the beauty of the LORD our God be upon us: and establish thou the work of our hands upon us; yea, the work of our hands establish thou it.
Psalms 91:10	There shall no evil befall thee, neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling.
Psalms 92:4	For thou, LORD, hast made me glad through thy work: I will triumph in the works of thy hands.
Psalms 92:14	They shall still bring forth fruit in old age; they shall be fat and flourishing;
Psalms 94:4	How long shall they utter and speak hard things? and all the workers of iniquity boast themselves?
Psalms 94:14	For the LORD will not cast off his people, neither will he forsake his inheritance.
Psalms 95:1	O come, let us sing unto the LORD: let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation.
Psalms 95:11	Unto whom I sware in my wrath that they should not enter into my rest.
Psalms 96:10	Say among the heathen that the LORD reigneth: the world also shall be established that it shall not be moved: he shall judge the people righteously.
Psalms 97:7	Confounded be all they that serve graven images, that boast themselves of idols: worship him, all ye gods.
Psalms 98:5	Sing unto the LORD with the harp; with the harp, and the voice of a psalm.
Psalms 99:6	Moses and Aaron among his priests, and Samuel among them that call upon his name; they called upon the LORD, and he answered them.
Psalms 101:2	I will behave myself wisely in a perfect way. O when wilt thou come unto me? I will walk within my house with a perfect heart.
Psalms 102:4	My heart is smitten, and withered like grass; so that I forget to eat my bread.
Psalms 102:14	For thy servants take pleasure in her stones, and favour the dust thereof.
Psalms 102:24	I said, O my God, take me not away in the midst of my days: thy years are throughout all generations.
Psalms 103:6	The LORD executeth righteousness and judgment for all that are oppressed.
Psalms 103:16	For the wind passeth over it, and it is gone; and the place thereof shall know it no more.
Psalms 104:4	Who maketh his angels spirits; his ministers a flaming fire:
Psalms 104:14	He causeth the grass to grow for the cattle, and herb for the service of man: that he may bring forth food out of the earth;
Psalms 104:24	O LORD, how manifold are thy works! in wisdom hast thou made them all: the earth is full of thy riches.
Psalms 104:34	My meditation of him shall be sweet: I will be glad in the LORD.
Psalms 105:9	Which covenant he made with Abraham, and his oath unto Isaac;
Psalms 105:19	Until the time that his word came: the word of the LORD tried him.
Psalms 105:29	He turned their waters into blood, and slew their fish.
Psalms 105:39	He spread a cloud for a covering; and fire to give light in the night.
Psalms 106:4	Remember me, O LORD, with the favour that thou bearest unto thy people: O visit me with thy salvation;
Psalms 106:14	But lusted exceedingly in the wilderness, and tempted God in the desert.
Psalms 106:24	Yea, they despised the pleasant land, they believed not his word:
Psalms 106:34	They did not destroy the nations, concerning whom the LORD commanded them:
Psalms 106:44	Nevertheless he regarded their affliction, when he heard their cry:
Psalms 107:6	Then they cried unto the LORD in their trouble, and he delivered them out of their distresses.
Psalms 107:16	For he hath broken the gates of brass, and cut the bars of iron in sunder.
Psalms 107:26	They mount up to the heaven, they go down again to the depths: their soul is melted because of trouble.
Psalms 107:36	And there he maketh the hungry to dwell, that they may prepare a city for habitation;
Psalms 108:3	I will praise thee, O LORD, among the people: and I will sing praises unto thee among the nations.
Psalms 108:13	Through God we shall do valiantly: for he it is that shall tread down our enemies.
Psalms 109:10	Let his children be continually vagabonds, and beg: let them seek their bread also out of their desolate places.
Psalms 109:20	Let this be the reward of mine adversaries from the LORD, and of them that speak evil against my soul.
Psalms 109:30	I will greatly praise the LORD with my mouth; yea, I will praise him among the multitude.
Psalms 111:2	The works of the LORD are great, sought out of all them that have pleasure therein.
Psalms 112:2	His seed shall be mighty upon earth: the generation of the upright shall be blessed.
Psalms 113:2	Blessed be the name of the LORD from this time forth and for evermore.
Psalms 114:3	The sea saw it, and fled: Jordan was driven back.
Psalms 115:5	They have mouths, but they speak not: eyes have they, but they see not:
Psalms 115:15	Ye are blessed of the LORD which made heaven and earth.
Psalms 116:7	Return unto thy rest, O my soul; for the LORD hath dealt bountifully with thee.
Psalms 116:17	I will offer to thee the sacrifice of thanksgiving, and will call upon the name of the LORD.
Psalms 118:6	The LORD is on my side; I will not fear: what can man do unto me?
Psalms 118:16	The right hand of the LORD is exalted: the right hand of the LORD doeth valiantly.
Psalms 118:26	Blessed be he that cometh in the name of the LORD: we have blessed you out of the house of the LORD.
Psalms 119:7	I will praise thee with uprightness of heart, when I shall have learned thy righteous judgments.
Psalms 119:17	Deal bountifully with thy servant, that I may live, and keep thy word.
Psalms 119:27	Make me to understand the way of thy precepts: so shall I talk of thy wondrous works.
Psalms 119:37	Turn away mine eyes from beholding vanity; and quicken thou me in thy way.
Psalms 119:47	And I will delight myself in thy commandments, which I have loved.
Psalms 119:57	Thou art my portion, O LORD: I have said that I would keep thy words.
Psalms 119:67	Before I was afflicted I went astray: but now have I kept thy word.
Psalms 119:77	Let thy tender mercies come unto me, that I may live: for thy law is my delight.
Psalms 119:87	They had almost consumed me upon earth; but I forsook not thy precepts.
Psalms 119:97	O how I love thy law! it is my meditation all the day.
Psalms 119:107	I am afflicted very much: quicken me, O LORD, according unto thy word.
Psalms 119:117	Hold thou me up, and I shall be safe: and I will have respect unto thy statutes continually.
Psalms 119:127	Therefore I love thy commandments above gold; yea, above fine gold.
Psalms 119:137	Righteous art thou, O LORD, and upright are thy judgments.
Psalms 119:147	I prevented the dawning of the morning, and cried: I hoped in thy word.
Psalms 119:157	Many are my persecutors and mine enemies; yet do I not decline from thy testimonies.
Psalms 119:167	My soul hath kept thy testimonies; and I love them exceedingly.
Psalms 120:1	In my distress I cried unto the LORD, and he heard me.
Psalms 121:4	Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep.
Psalms 122:6	Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee.
Psalms 124:3	Then they had swallowed us up quick, when their wrath was kindled against us:
Psalms 125:5	As for such as turn aside unto their crooked ways, the LORD shall lead them forth with the workers of iniquity: but peace shall be upon Israel.
Psalms 127:4	As arrows are in the hand of a mighty man; so are children of the youth.
Psalms 129:3	The plowers plowed upon my back: they made long their furrows.
Psalms 130:5	I wait for the LORD, my soul doth wait, and in his word do I hope.
Psalms 132:4	I will not give sleep to mine eyes, or slumber to mine eyelids,
Psalms 132:14	This is my rest for ever: here will I dwell; for I have desired it.
Psalms 134:3	The LORD that made heaven and earth bless thee out of Zion.
Psalms 135:10	Who smote great nations, and slew mighty kings;
Psalms 135:20	Bless the LORD, O house of Levi: ye that fear the LORD, bless the LORD.
Psalms 136:9	The moon and stars to rule by night: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 136:19	Sihon king of the Amorites: for his mercy endureth for ever:
Psalms 137:3	For there they that carried us away captive required of us a song; and they that wasted us required of us mirth, saying, Sing us one of the songs of Zion.
Psalms 138:4	All the kings of the earth shall praise thee, O LORD, when they hear the words of thy mouth.
Psalms 139:6	Such knowledge is too wonderful for me; it is high, I cannot attain unto it.
Psalms 139:16	Thine eyes did see my substance, yet being unperfect; and in thy book all my members were written, which in continuance were fashioned, when as yet there was none of them.
Psalms 140:2	Which imagine mischiefs in their heart; continually are they gathered together for war.
Psalms 140:12	I know that the LORD will maintain the cause of the afflicted, and the right of the poor.
Psalms 141:9	Keep me from the snares which they have laid for me, and the gins of the workers of iniquity.
Psalms 143:2	And enter not into judgment with thy servant: for in thy sight shall no man living be justified.
Psalms 143:12	And of thy mercy cut off mine enemies, and destroy all them that afflict my soul: for I am thy servant.
Psalms 144:10	It is he that giveth salvation unto kings: who delivereth David his servant from the hurtful sword.
Psalms 145:5	I will speak of the glorious honour of thy majesty, and of thy wondrous works.
Psalms 145:15	The eyes of all wait upon thee; and thou givest them their meat in due season.
Psalms 146:4	His breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish.
Psalms 147:4	He telleth the number of the stars; he calleth them all by their names.
Psalms 147:14	He maketh peace in thy borders, and filleth thee with the finest of the wheat.
Psalms 148:4	Praise him, ye heavens of heavens, and ye waters that be above the heavens.
Psalms 148:14	He also exalteth the horn of his people, the praise of all his saints; even of the children of Israel, a people near unto him. Praise ye the LORD.
Psalms 150:1	Praise ye the LORD. Praise God in his sanctuary: praise him in the firmament of his power.
Proverbs 1:5	A wise man will hear, and will increase learning; and a man of understanding shall attain unto wise counsels:
Proverbs 1:15	My son, walk not thou in the way with them; refrain thy foot from their path:
Proverbs 1:25	But ye have set at nought all my counsel, and would none of my reproof:
Proverbs 2:2	So that thou incline thine ear unto wisdom, and apply thine heart to understanding;
Proverbs 2:12	To deliver thee from the way of the evil man, from the man that speaketh froward things;
Proverbs 2:22	But the wicked shall be cut off from the earth, and the transgressors shall be rooted out of it.
Proverbs 3:10	So shall thy barns be filled with plenty, and thy presses shall burst out with new wine.
Proverbs 3:20	By his knowledge the depths are broken up, and the clouds drop down the dew.
Proverbs 3:30	Strive not with a man without cause, if he have done thee no harm.
Proverbs 4:5	Get wisdom, get understanding: forget it not; neither decline from the words of my mouth.
Proverbs 4:15	Avoid it, pass not by it, turn from it, and pass away.
Proverbs 4:25	Let thine eyes look right on, and let thine eyelids look straight before thee.
Proverbs 5:8	Remove thy way far from her, and come not nigh the door of her house:
Proverbs 5:18	Let thy fountain be blessed: and rejoice with the wife of thy youth.
Proverbs 6:5	Deliver thyself as a roe from the hand of the hunter, and as a bird from the hand of the fowler.
Proverbs 6:15	Therefore shall his calamity come suddenly; suddenly shall he be broken without remedy.
Proverbs 6:25	Lust not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with her eyelids.
Proverbs 6:35	He will not regard any ransom; neither will he rest content, though thou givest many gifts.
Proverbs 7:10	And, behold, there met him a woman with the attire of an harlot, and subtil of heart.
Proverbs 7:20	He hath taken a bag of money with him, and will come home at the day appointed.
Proverbs 8:3	She crieth at the gates, at the entry of the city, at the coming in at the doors.
Proverbs 8:13	The fear of the LORD is to hate evil: pride, and arrogancy, and the evil way, and the froward mouth, do I hate.
Proverbs 8:23	I was set up from everlasting, from the beginning, or ever the earth was.
Proverbs 8:33	Hear instruction, and be wise, and refuse it not.
Proverbs 9:7	He that reproveth a scorner getteth to himself shame: and he that rebuketh a wicked man getteth himself a blot.
Proverbs 9:17	Stolen waters are sweet, and bread eaten in secret is pleasant.
Proverbs 10:9	He that walketh uprightly walketh surely: but he that perverteth his ways shall be known.
Proverbs 10:19	In the multitude of words there wanteth not sin: but he that refraineth his lips is wise.
Proverbs 10:29	The way of the LORD is strength to the upright: but destruction shall be to the workers of iniquity.
Proverbs 11:7	When a wicked man dieth, his expectation shall perish: and the hope of unjust men perisheth.
Proverbs 11:17	The merciful man doeth good to his own soul: but he that is cruel troubleth his own flesh.
Proverbs 11:27	He that diligently seeketh good procureth favour: but he that seeketh mischief, it shall come unto him.
Proverbs 12:6	The words of the wicked are to lie in wait for blood: but the mouth of the upright shall deliver them.
Proverbs 12:16	A fool's wrath is presently known: but a prudent man covereth shame.
Proverbs 12:26	The righteous is more excellent than his neighbour: but the way of the wicked seduceth them.
Proverbs 13:8	The ransom of a man's life are his riches: but the poor heareth not rebuke.
Proverbs 13:18	Poverty and shame shall be to him that refuseth instruction: but he that regardeth reproof shall be honoured.
Proverbs 14:3	In the mouth of the foolish is a rod of pride: but the lips of the wise shall preserve them.
Proverbs 14:13	Even in laughter the heart is sorrowful; and the end of that mirth is heaviness.
Proverbs 14:23	In all labour there is profit: but the talk of the lips tendeth only to penury.
Proverbs 14:33	Wisdom resteth in the heart of him that hath understanding: but that which is in the midst of fools is made known.
Proverbs 15:8	The sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination to the LORD: but the prayer of the upright is his delight.
Proverbs 15:18	A wrathful man stirreth up strife: but he that is slow to anger appeaseth strife.
Proverbs 15:28	The heart of the righteous studieth to answer: but the mouth of the wicked poureth out evil things.
Proverbs 16:5	Every one that is proud in heart is an abomination to the LORD: though hand join in hand, he shall not be unpunished.
Proverbs 16:15	In the light of the king's countenance is life; and his favour is as a cloud of the latter rain.
Proverbs 16:25	There is a way that seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.
Proverbs 17:2	A wise servant shall have rule over a son that causeth shame, and shall have part of the inheritance among the brethren.
Proverbs 17:12	Let a bear robbed of her whelps meet a man, rather than a fool in his folly.
Proverbs 17:22	A merry heart doeth good like a medicine: but a broken spirit drieth the bones.
Proverbs 18:4	The words of a man's mouth are as deep waters, and the wellspring of wisdom as a flowing brook.
Proverbs 18:14	The spirit of a man will sustain his infirmity; but a wounded spirit who can bear?
Proverbs 18:24	A man that hath friends must shew himself friendly: and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother.
Proverbs 19:10	Delight is not seemly for a fool; much less for a servant to have rule over princes.
Proverbs 19:20	Hear counsel, and receive instruction, that thou mayest be wise in thy latter end.
Proverbs 20:1	Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging: and whosoever is deceived thereby is not wise.
Proverbs 20:11	Even a child is known by his doings, whether his work be pure, and whether it be right.
Proverbs 20:21	An inheritance may be gotten hastily at the beginning; but the end thereof shall not be blessed.
Proverbs 21:1	The king's heart is in the hand of the LORD, as the rivers of water: he turneth it whithersoever he will.
Proverbs 21:11	When the scorner is punished, the simple is made wise: and when the wise is instructed, he receiveth knowledge.
Proverbs 21:21	He that followeth after righteousness and mercy findeth life, righteousness, and honour.
Proverbs 21:31	The horse is prepared against the day of battle: but safety is of the LORD.
Proverbs 22:10	Cast out the scorner, and contention shall go out; yea, strife and reproach shall cease.
Proverbs 22:20	Have not I written to thee excellent things in counsels and knowledge,
Proverbs 23:1	When thou sittest to eat with a ruler, consider diligently what is before thee:
Proverbs 23:11	For their redeemer is mighty; he shall plead their cause with thee.
Proverbs 23:21	For the drunkard and the glutton shall come to poverty: and drowsiness shall clothe a man with rags.
Proverbs 23:31	Look not thou upon the wine when it is red, when it giveth his colour in the cup, when it moveth itself aright.
Proverbs 24:6	For by wise counsel thou shalt make thy war: and in multitude of counsellors there is safety.
Proverbs 24:16	For a just man falleth seven times, and riseth up again: but the wicked shall fall into mischief.
Proverbs 24:26	Every man shall kiss his lips that giveth a right answer.
Proverbs 25:2	It is the glory of God to conceal a thing: but the honour of kings is to search out a matter.
Proverbs 25:12	As an earring of gold, and an ornament of fine gold, so is a wise reprover upon an obedient ear.
Proverbs 25:22	For thou shalt heap coals of fire upon his head, and the LORD shall reward thee.
Proverbs 26:4	Answer not a fool according to his folly, lest thou also be like unto him.
Proverbs 26:14	As the door turneth upon his hinges, so doth the slothful upon his bed.
Proverbs 26:24	He that hateth dissembleth with his lips, and layeth up deceit within him;
Proverbs 27:6	Faithful are the wounds of a friend; but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful.
Proverbs 27:16	Whosoever hideth her hideth the wind, and the ointment of his right hand, which bewrayeth itself.
Proverbs 27:26	The lambs are for thy clothing, and the goats are the price of the field.
Proverbs 28:9	He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination.
Proverbs 28:19	He that tilleth his land shall have plenty of bread: but he that followeth after vain persons shall have poverty enough.
Proverbs 29:1	He, that being often reproved hardeneth his neck, shall suddenly be destroyed, and that without remedy.
Proverbs 29:11	A fool uttereth all his mind: but a wise man keepeth it in till afterwards.
Proverbs 29:21	He that delicately bringeth up his servant from a child shall have him become his son at the length.
Proverbs 30:4	Who hath ascended up into heaven, or descended? who hath gathered the wind in his fists? who hath bound the waters in a garment? who hath established all the ends of the earth? what is his name, and what is his son's name, if thou canst tell?
Proverbs 30:14	There is a generation, whose teeth are as swords, and their jaw teeth as knives, to devour the poor from off the earth, and the needy from among men.
Proverbs 30:24	There be four things which are little upon the earth, but they are exceeding wise:
Proverbs 31:1	The words of king Lemuel, the prophecy that his mother taught him.
Proverbs 31:11	The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her, so that he shall have no need of spoil.
Proverbs 31:21	She is not afraid of the snow for her household: for all her household are clothed with scarlet.
Proverbs 31:31	Give her of the fruit of her hands; and let her own works praise her in the gates.
Ecclesiastes 1:10	Is there any thing whereof it may be said, See, this is new? it hath been already of old time, which was before us.
Ecclesiastes 2:2	I said of laughter, It is mad: and of mirth, What doeth it?
Ecclesiastes 2:12	And I turned myself to behold wisdom, and madness, and folly: for what can the man do that cometh after the king? even that which hath been already done.
Ecclesiastes 2:22	For what hath man of all his labour, and of the vexation of his heart, wherein he hath laboured under the sun?
Ecclesiastes 3:6	A time to get, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to cast away;
Ecclesiastes 3:16	And moreover I saw under the sun the place of judgment, that wickedness was there; and the place of righteousness, that iniquity was there.
Ecclesiastes 4:4	Again, I considered all travail, and every right work, that for this a man is envied of his neighbour. This is also vanity and vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 4:14	For out of prison he cometh to reign; whereas also he that is born in his kingdom becometh poor.
Ecclesiastes 5:8	If thou seest the oppression of the poor, and violent perverting of judgment and justice in a province, marvel not at the matter: for he that is higher than the highest regardeth; and there be higher than they.
Ecclesiastes 5:18	Behold that which I have seen: it is good and comely for one to eat and to drink, and to enjoy the good of all his labour that he taketh under the sun all the days of his life, which God giveth him: for it is his portion.
Ecclesiastes 6:8	For what hath the wise more than the fool? what hath the poor, that knoweth to walk before the living?
Ecclesiastes 7:6	For as the crackling of thorns under a pot, so is the laughter of the fool: this also is vanity.
Ecclesiastes 7:16	Be not righteous over much; neither make thyself over wise: why shouldest thou destroy thyself ?
Ecclesiastes 7:26	And I find more bitter than death the woman, whose heart is snares and nets, and her hands as bands: whoso pleaseth God shall escape from her; but the sinner shall be taken by her.
Ecclesiastes 8:7	For he knoweth not that which shall be: for who can tell him when it shall be?
Ecclesiastes 8:17	Then I beheld all the work of God, that a man cannot find out the work that is done under the sun: because though a man labour to seek it out, yet he shall not find it; yea farther; though a wise man think to know it, yet shall he not be able to find it.
Ecclesiastes 9:10	Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might; for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest.
Ecclesiastes 10:2	A wise man's heart is at his right hand; but a fool's heart at his left.
Ecclesiastes 10:12	The words of a wise man's mouth are gracious; but the lips of a fool will swallow up himself.
Ecclesiastes 11:2	Give a portion to seven, and also to eight; for thou knowest not what evil shall be upon the earth.
Ecclesiastes 12:2	While the sun, or the light, or the moon, or the stars, be not darkened, nor the clouds return after the rain:
Ecclesiastes 12:12	And further, by these, my son, be admonished: of making many books there is no end; and much study is a weariness of the flesh.
Song of Solomon 1:8	If thou know not, O thou fairest among women, go thy way forth by the footsteps of the flock, and feed thy kids beside the shepherds' tents.
Song of Solomon 2:1	I am the rose of Sharon, and the lily of the valleys.
Song of Solomon 2:11	For, lo, the winter is past, the rain is over and gone;
Song of Solomon 3:4	It was but a little that I passed from them, but I found him whom my soul loveth: I held him, and would not let him go, until I had brought him into my mother's house, and into the chamber of her that conceived me.
Song of Solomon 4:3	Thy lips are like a thread of scarlet, and thy speech is comely: thy temples are like a piece of a pomegranate within thy locks.
Song of Solomon 4:13	Thy plants are an orchard of pomegranates, with pleasant fruits; camphire, with spikenard,
Song of Solomon 5:7	The watchmen that went about the city found me, they smote me, they wounded me; the keepers of the walls took away my veil from me.
Song of Solomon 6:1	Whither is thy beloved gone, O thou fairest among women? whither is thy beloved turned aside? that we may seek him with thee.
Song of Solomon 6:11	I went down into the garden of nuts to see the fruits of the valley, and to see whether the vine flourished and the pomegranates budded.
Song of Solomon 7:8	I said, I will go up to the palm tree, I will take hold of the boughs thereof: now also thy breasts shall be as clusters of the vine, and the smell of thy nose like apples;
Song of Solomon 8:5	Who is this that cometh up from the wilderness, leaning upon her beloved? I raised thee up under the apple tree: there thy mother brought thee forth: there she brought thee forth that bare thee.
Isaiah 1:1	The vision of Isaiah the son of Amoz, which he saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah.
Isaiah 1:11	To what purpose is the multitude of your sacrifices unto me? saith the LORD: I am full of the burnt offerings of rams, and the fat of fed beasts; and I delight not in the blood of bullocks, or of lambs, or of he goats.
Isaiah 1:21	How is the faithful city become an harlot! it was full of judgment; righteousness lodged in it; but now murderers.
Isaiah 1:31	And the strong shall be as tow, and the maker of it as a spark, and they shall both burn together, and none shall quench them.
Isaiah 2:10	Enter into the rock, and hide thee in the dust, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty.
Isaiah 2:20	In that day a man shall cast his idols of silver, and his idols of gold, which they made each one for himself to worship, to the moles and to the bats;
Isaiah 3:8	For Jerusalem is ruined, and Judah is fallen: because their tongue and their doings are against the LORD, to provoke the eyes of his glory.
Isaiah 3:18	In that day the Lord will take away the bravery of their tinkling ornaments about their feet, and their cauls, and their round tires like the moon,
Isaiah 4:2	In that day shall the branch of the LORD be beautiful and glorious, and the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and comely for them that are escaped of Israel.
Isaiah 5:6	And I will lay it waste: it shall not be pruned, nor digged; but there shall come up briers and thorns: I will also command the clouds that they rain no rain upon it.
Isaiah 5:16	But the LORD of hosts shall be exalted in judgment, and God that is holy shall be sanctified in righteousness.
Isaiah 5:26	And he will lift up an ensign to the nations from far, and will hiss unto them from the end of the earth: and, behold, they shall come with speed swiftly:
Isaiah 6:6	Then flew one of the seraphims unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with the tongs from off the altar:
Isaiah 7:3	Then said the LORD unto Isaiah, Go forth now to meet Ahaz, thou, and Shearjashub thy son, at the end of the conduit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller's field;
Isaiah 7:13	And he said, Hear ye now, O house of David; Is it a small thing for you to weary men, but will ye weary my God also?
Isaiah 7:23	And it shall come to pass in that day, that every place shall be, where there were a thousand vines at a thousand silverlings, it shall even be for briers and thorns.
Isaiah 8:8	And he shall pass through Judah; he shall overflow and go over, he shall reach even to the neck; and the stretching out of his wings shall fill the breadth of thy land, O Immanuel.
Isaiah 8:18	Behold, I and the children whom the LORD hath given me are for signs and for wonders in Israel from the LORD of hosts, which dwelleth in mount Zion.
Isaiah 9:6	For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.
Isaiah 9:16	For the leaders of this people cause them to err; and they that are led of them are destroyed.
Isaiah 10:5	O Assyrian, the rod of mine anger, and the staff in their hand is mine indignation.
Isaiah 10:15	Shall the axe boast itself against him that heweth therewith? or shall the saw magnify itself against him that shaketh it? as if the rod should shake itself against them that lift it up, or as if the staff should lift up itself, as if it were no wood.
Isaiah 10:25	For yet a very little while, and the indignation shall cease, and mine anger in their destruction.
Isaiah 11:1	And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse, and a Branch shall grow out of his roots:
Isaiah 11:11	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the Lord shall set his hand again the second time to recover the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from Assyria, and from Egypt, and from Pathros, and from Cush, and from Elam, and from Shinar, and from Hamath, and from the islands of the sea.
Isaiah 12:5	Sing unto the LORD; for he hath done excellent things: this is known in all the earth.
Isaiah 13:9	Behold, the day of the LORD cometh, cruel both with wrath and fierce anger, to lay the land desolate: and he shall destroy the sinners thereof out of it.
Isaiah 13:19	And Babylon, the glory of kingdoms, the beauty of the Chaldees' excellency, shall be as when God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah.
Isaiah 14:7	The whole earth is at rest, and is quiet: they break forth into singing.
Isaiah 14:17	That made the world as a wilderness, and destroyed the cities thereof; that opened not the house of his prisoners?
Isaiah 14:27	For the LORD of hosts hath purposed, and who shall disannul it? and his hand is stretched out, and who shall turn it back?
Isaiah 15:5	My heart shall cry out for Moab; his fugitives shall flee unto Zoar, an heifer of three years old: for by the mounting up of Luhith with weeping shall they go it up; for in the way of Horonaim they shall raise up a cry of destruction.
Isaiah 16:6	We have heard of the pride of Moab; he is very proud: even of his haughtiness, and his pride, and his wrath: but his lies shall not be so.
Isaiah 17:2	The cities of Aroer are forsaken: they shall be for flocks, which shall lie down, and none shall make them afraid.
Isaiah 17:12	Woe to the multitude of many people, which make a noise like the noise of the seas; and to the rushing of nations, that make a rushing like the rushing of mighty waters!
Isaiah 19:1	The burden of Egypt. Behold, the LORD rideth upon a swift cloud, and shall come into Egypt: and the idols of Egypt shall be moved at his presence, and the heart of Egypt shall melt in the midst of it.
Isaiah 19:11	Surely the princes of Zoan are fools, the counsel of the wise counsellors of Pharaoh is become brutish: how say ye unto Pharaoh, I am the son of the wise, the son of ancient kings?
Isaiah 19:21	And the LORD shall be known to Egypt, and the Egyptians shall know the LORD in that day, and shall do sacrifice and oblation; yea, they shall vow a vow unto the LORD, and perform it.
Isaiah 20:6	And the inhabitant of this isle shall say in that day, Behold, such is our expectation, whither we flee for help to be delivered from the king of Assyria: and how shall we escape?
Isaiah 21:10	O my threshing, and the corn of my floor: that which I have heard of the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, have I declared unto you.
Isaiah 22:3	All thy rulers are fled together, they are bound by the archers: all that are found in thee are bound together, which have fled from far.
Isaiah 22:13	And behold joy and gladness, slaying oxen, and killing sheep, eating flesh, and drinking wine: let us eat and drink; for to morrow we shall die.
Isaiah 22:23	And I will fasten him as a nail in a sure place; and he shall be for a glorious throne to his father's house.
Isaiah 23:8	Who hath taken this counsel against Tyre, the crowning city, whose merchants are princes, whose traffickers are the honourable of the earth?
Isaiah 23:18	And her merchandise and her hire shall be holiness to the LORD: it shall not be treasured nor laid up; for her merchandise shall be for them that dwell before the LORD, to eat sufficiently, and for durable clothing.
Isaiah 24:10	The city of confusion is broken down: every house is shut up, that no man may come in.
Isaiah 24:20	The earth shall reel to and fro like a drunkard, and shall be removed like a cottage; and the transgression thereof shall be heavy upon it; and it shall fall, and not rise again.
Isaiah 25:7	And he will destroy in this mountain the face of the covering cast over all people, and the vail that is spread over all nations.
Isaiah 26:5	For he bringeth down them that dwell on high; the lofty city, he layeth it low; he layeth it low, even to the ground; he bringeth it even to the dust.
Isaiah 26:15	Thou hast increased the nation, O LORD, thou hast increased the nation: thou art glorified: thou hadst removed it far unto all the ends of the earth.
Isaiah 27:4	Fury is not in me: who would set the briers and thorns against me in battle? I would go through them, I would burn them together.
Isaiah 28:1	Woe to the crown of pride, to the drunkards of Ephraim, whose glorious beauty is a fading flower, which are on the head of the fat valleys of them that are overcome with wine!
Isaiah 28:11	For with stammering lips and another tongue will he speak to this people.
Isaiah 28:21	For the LORD shall rise up as in mount Perazim, he shall be wroth as in the valley of Gibeon, that he may do his work, his strange work; and bring to pass his act, his strange act.
Isaiah 29:2	Yet I will distress Ariel, and there shall be heaviness and sorrow: and it shall be unto me as Ariel.
Isaiah 29:12	And the book is delivered to him that is not learned, saying, Read this, I pray thee: and he saith, I am not learned.
Isaiah 29:22	Therefore thus saith the LORD, who redeemed Abraham, concerning the house of Jacob, Jacob shall not now be ashamed, neither shall his face now wax pale.
Isaiah 30:8	Now go, write it before them in a table, and note it in a book, that it may be for the time to come for ever and ever:
Isaiah 30:18	And therefore will the LORD wait, that he may be gracious unto you, and therefore will he be exalted, that he may have mercy upon you: for the LORD is a God of judgment: blessed are all they that wait for him.
Isaiah 30:28	And his breath, as an overflowing stream, shall reach to the midst of the neck, to sift the nations with the sieve of vanity: and there shall be a bridle in the jaws of the people, causing them to err.
Isaiah 31:5	As birds flying, so will the LORD of hosts defend Jerusalem; defending also he will deliver it; and passing over he will preserve it.
Isaiah 32:6	For the vile person will speak villany, and his heart will work iniquity, to practise hypocrisy, and to utter error against the LORD, to make empty the soul of the hungry, and he will cause the drink of the thirsty to fail.
Isaiah 32:16	Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness, and righteousness remain in the fruitful field.
Isaiah 33:6	And wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times, and strength of salvation: the fear of the LORD is his treasure.
Isaiah 33:16	He shall dwell on high: his place of defence shall be the munitions of rocks: bread shall be given him; his waters shall be sure.
Isaiah 34:2	For the indignation of the LORD is upon all nations, and his fury upon all their armies: he hath utterly destroyed them, he hath delivered them to the slaughter.
Isaiah 34:12	They shall call the nobles thereof to the kingdom, but none shall be there, and all her princes shall be nothing.
Isaiah 35:5	Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened, and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped.
Isaiah 36:5	I say, sayest thou, (but they are but vain words) I have counsel and strength for war: now on whom dost thou trust, that thou rebellest against me?
Isaiah 36:15	Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the LORD, saying, The LORD will surely deliver us: this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria.
Isaiah 37:3	And they said unto him, Thus saith Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble, and of rebuke, and of blasphemy: for the children are come to the birth, and there is not strength to bring forth.
Isaiah 37:13	Where is the king of Hamath, and the king of Arphad, and the king of the city of Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah?
Isaiah 37:23	Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed? and against whom hast thou exalted thy voice, and lifted up thine eyes on high? even against the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 37:33	Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the king of Assyria, He shall not come into this city, nor shoot an arrow there, nor come before it with shields, nor cast a bank against it.
Isaiah 38:5	Go, and say to Hezekiah, Thus saith the LORD, the God of David thy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will add unto thy days fifteen years.
Isaiah 38:15	What shall I say? he hath both spoken unto me, and himself hath done it: I shall go softly all my years in the bitterness of my soul.
Isaiah 39:3	Then came Isaiah the prophet unto king Hezekiah, and said unto him, What said these men? and from whence came they unto thee? And Hezekiah said, They are come from a far country unto me, even from Babylon.
Isaiah 40:5	And the glory of the LORD shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.
Isaiah 40:15	Behold, the nations are as a drop of a bucket, and are counted as the small dust of the balance: behold, he taketh up the isles as a very little thing.
Isaiah 40:25	To whom then will ye liken me, or shall I be equal? saith the Holy One.
Isaiah 41:4	Who hath wrought and done it, calling the generations from the beginning? I the LORD, the first, and with the last; I am he.
Isaiah 41:14	Fear not, thou worm Jacob, and ye men of Israel; I will help thee, saith the LORD, and thy redeemer, the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 41:24	Behold, ye are of nothing, and your work of nought: an abomination is he that chooseth you.
Isaiah 42:5	Thus saith God the LORD, he that created the heavens, and stretched them out; he that spread forth the earth, and that which cometh out of it; he that giveth breath unto the people upon it, and spirit to them that walk therein:
Isaiah 42:15	I will make waste mountains and hills, and dry up all their herbs; and I will make the rivers islands, and I will dry up the pools.
Isaiah 42:25	Therefore he hath poured upon him the fury of his anger, and the strength of battle: and it hath set him on fire round about, yet he knew not; and it burned him, yet he laid it not to heart.
Isaiah 43:10	Ye are my witnesses, saith the LORD, and my servant whom I have chosen: that ye may know and believe me, and understand that I am he: before me there was no God formed, neither shall there be after me.
Isaiah 43:20	The beast of the field shall honour me, the dragons and the owls: because I give waters in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert, to give drink to my people, my chosen.
Isaiah 44:2	Thus saith the LORD that made thee, and formed thee from the womb, which will help thee; Fear not, O Jacob, my servant; and thou, Jesurun, whom I have chosen.
Isaiah 44:12	The smith with the tongs both worketh in the coals, and fashioneth it with hammers, and worketh it with the strength of his arms: yea, he is hungry, and his strength faileth: he drinketh no water, and is faint.
Isaiah 44:22	I have blotted out, as a thick cloud, thy transgressions, and, as a cloud, thy sins: return unto me; for I have redeemed thee.
Isaiah 45:4	For Jacob my servant's sake, and Israel mine elect, I have even called thee by thy name: I have surnamed thee, though thou hast not known me.
Isaiah 45:14	Thus saith the LORD, The labour of Egypt, and merchandise of Ethiopia and of the Sabeans, men of stature, shall come over unto thee, and they shall be thine: they shall come after thee; in chains they shall come over, and they shall fall down unto thee, they shall make supplication unto thee, saying, Surely God is in thee; and there is none else, there is no God.
Isaiah 45:24	Surely, shall one say, in the LORD have I righteousness and strength: even to him shall men come; and all that are incensed against him shall be ashamed.
Isaiah 46:9	Remember the former things of old: for I am God, and there is none else; I am God, and there is none like me,
Isaiah 47:6	I was wroth with my people, I have polluted mine inheritance, and given them into thine hand: thou didst shew them no mercy; upon the ancient hast thou very heavily laid thy yoke.
Isaiah 48:1	Hear ye this, O house of Jacob, which are called by the name of Israel, and are come forth out of the waters of Judah, which swear by the name of the LORD, and make mention of the God of Israel, but not in truth, nor in righteousness.
Isaiah 48:11	For mine own sake, even for mine own sake, will I do it: for how should my name be polluted? and I will not give my glory unto another.
Isaiah 48:21	And they thirsted not when he led them through the deserts: he caused the waters to flow out of the rock for them: he clave the rock also, and the waters gushed out.
Isaiah 49:9	That thou mayest say to the prisoners, Go forth; to them that are in darkness, Shew yourselves. They shall feed in the ways, and their pastures shall be in all high places.
Isaiah 49:19	For thy waste and thy desolate places, and the land of thy destruction, shall even now be too narrow by reason of the inhabitants, and they that swallowed thee up shall be far away.
Isaiah 50:3	I clothe the heavens with blackness, and I make sackcloth their covering.
Isaiah 51:2	Look unto Abraham your father, and unto Sarah that bare you: for I called him alone, and blessed him, and increased him.
Isaiah 51:12	I, even I, am he that comforteth you: who art thou, that thou shouldest be afraid of a man that shall die, and of the son of man which shall be made as grass;
Isaiah 51:22	Thus saith thy Lord the LORD, and thy God that pleadeth the cause of his people, Behold, I have taken out of thine hand the cup of trembling, even the dregs of the cup of my fury; thou shalt no more drink it again:
Isaiah 52:9	Break forth into joy, sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem: for the LORD hath comforted his people, he hath redeemed Jerusalem.
Isaiah 53:4	Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted.
Isaiah 54:2	Enlarge the place of thy tent, and let them stretch forth the curtains of thine habitations: spare not, lengthen thy cords, and strengthen thy stakes;
Isaiah 54:12	And I will make thy windows of agates, and thy gates of carbuncles, and all thy borders of pleasant stones.
Isaiah 55:5	Behold, thou shalt call a nation that thou knowest not, and nations that knew not thee shall run unto thee because of the LORD thy God, and for the Holy One of Israel; for he hath glorified thee.
Isaiah 56:2	Blessed is the man that doeth this, and the son of man that layeth hold on it; that keepeth the sabbath from polluting it, and keepeth his hand from doing any evil.
Isaiah 56:12	Come ye, say they, I will fetch wine, and we will fill ourselves with strong drink; and to morrow shall be as this day, and much more abundant.
Isaiah 57:10	Thou art wearied in the greatness of thy way; yet saidst thou not, There is no hope: thou hast found the life of thine hand; therefore thou wast not grieved.
Isaiah 57:20	But the wicked are like the troubled sea, when it cannot rest, whose waters cast up mire and dirt.
Isaiah 58:9	Then shalt thou call, and the LORD shall answer; thou shalt cry, and he shall say, Here I am. If thou take away from the midst of thee the yoke, the putting forth of the finger, and speaking vanity;
Isaiah 59:5	They hatch cockatrice' eggs, and weave the spider's web: he that eateth of their eggs dieth, and that which is crushed breaketh out into a viper.
Isaiah 59:15	Yea, truth faileth; and he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey: and the LORD saw it, and it displeased him that there was no judgment.
Isaiah 60:4	Lift up thine eyes round about, and see: all they gather themselves together, they come to thee: thy sons shall come from far, and thy daughters shall be nursed at thy side.
Isaiah 60:14	The sons also of them that afflicted thee shall come bending unto thee; and all they that despised thee shall bow themselves down at the soles of thy feet; and they shall call thee; The city of the LORD, The Zion of the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 61:2	To proclaim the acceptable year of the LORD, and the day of vengeance of our God; to comfort all that mourn;
Isaiah 62:1	For Zion's sake will I not hold my peace, and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest, until the righteousness thereof go forth as brightness, and the salvation thereof as a lamp that burneth.
Isaiah 62:11	Behold, the LORD hath proclaimed unto the end of the world, Say ye to the daughter of Zion, Behold, thy salvation cometh; behold, his reward is with him, and his work before him.
Isaiah 63:9	In all their affliction he was afflicted, and the angel of his presence saved them: in his love and in his pity he redeemed them; and he bare them, and carried them all the days of old.
Isaiah 63:19	We are thine: thou never barest rule over them; they were not called by thy name.
Isaiah 64:10	Thy holy cities are a wilderness, Zion is a wilderness, Jerusalem a desolation.
Isaiah 65:8	Thus saith the LORD, As the new wine is found in the cluster, and one saith, Destroy it not; for a blessing is in it: so will I do for my servants' sakes, that I may not destroy them all.
Isaiah 65:18	But be ye glad and rejoice for ever in that which I create: for, behold, I create Jerusalem a rejoicing, and her people a joy.
Isaiah 66:3	He that killeth an ox is as if he slew a man; he that sacrificeth a lamb, as if he cut off a dog's neck; he that offereth an oblation, as if he offered swine's blood; he that burneth incense, as if he blessed an idol. Yea, they have chosen their own ways, and their soul delighteth in their abominations.
Isaiah 66:13	As one whom his mother comforteth, so will I comfort you; and ye shall be comforted in Jerusalem.
Isaiah 66:23	And it shall come to pass, that from one new moon to another, and from one sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to worship before me, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 1:9	Then the LORD put forth his hand, and touched my mouth. And the LORD said unto me, Behold, I have put my words in thy mouth.
Jeremiah 1:19	And they shall fight against thee; but they shall not prevail against thee; for I am with thee, saith the LORD, to deliver thee.
Jeremiah 2:10	For pass over the isles of Chittim, and see; and send unto Kedar, and consider diligently, and see if there be such a thing.
Jeremiah 2:20	For of old time I have broken thy yoke, and burst thy bands; and thou saidst, I will not transgress; when upon every high hill and under every green tree thou wanderest, playing the harlot.
Jeremiah 2:30	In vain have I smitten your children; they received no correction: your own sword hath devoured your prophets, like a destroying lion.
Jeremiah 3:3	Therefore the showers have been withholden, and there hath been no latter rain; and thou hadst a whore's forehead, thou refusedst to be ashamed.
Jeremiah 3:13	Only acknowledge thine iniquity, that thou hast transgressed against the LORD thy God, and hast scattered thy ways to the strangers under every green tree, and ye have not obeyed my voice, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 3:23	Truly in vain is salvation hoped for from the hills, and from the multitude of mountains: truly in the LORD our God is the salvation of Israel.
Jeremiah 4:8	For this gird you with sackcloth, lament and howl: for the fierce anger of the LORD is not turned back from us.
Jeremiah 4:18	Thy way and thy doings have procured these things unto thee; this is thy wickedness, because it is bitter, because it reacheth unto thine heart.
Jeremiah 4:28	For this shall the earth mourn, and the heavens above be black; because I have spoken it, I have purposed it, and will not repent, neither will I turn back from it.
Jeremiah 5:7	How shall I pardon thee for this? thy children have forsaken me, and sworn by them that are no gods: when I had fed them to the full, they then committed adultery, and assembled themselves by troops in the harlots' houses.
Jeremiah 5:17	And they shall eat up thine harvest, and thy bread, which thy sons and thy daughters should eat: they shall eat up thy flocks and thine herds: they shall eat up thy vines and thy fig trees: they shall impoverish thy fenced cities, wherein thou trustedst, with the sword.
Jeremiah 5:27	As a cage is full of birds, so are their houses full of deceit: therefore they are become great, and waxen rich.
Jeremiah 6:6	For thus hath the LORD of hosts said, Hew ye down trees, and cast a mount against Jerusalem: this is the city to be visited; she is wholly oppression in the midst of her.
Jeremiah 6:16	Thus saith the LORD, Stand ye in the ways, and see, and ask for the old paths, where is the good way, and walk therein, and ye shall find rest for your souls. But they said, We will not walk therein.
Jeremiah 6:26	O daughter of my people, gird thee with sackcloth, and wallow thyself in ashes: make thee mourning, as for an only son, most bitter lamentation: for the spoiler shall suddenly come upon us.
Jeremiah 7:6	If ye oppress not the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow, and shed not innocent blood in this place, neither walk after other gods to your hurt:
Jeremiah 7:16	Therefore pray not thou for this people, neither lift up cry nor prayer for them, neither make intercession to me: for I will not hear thee.
Jeremiah 7:26	Yet they hearkened not unto me, nor inclined their ear, but hardened their neck: they did worse than their fathers.
Jeremiah 8:2	And they shall spread them before the sun, and the moon, and all the host of heaven, whom they have loved, and whom they have served, and after whom they have walked, and whom they have sought, and whom they have worshipped: they shall not be gathered, nor be buried; they shall be for dung upon the face of the earth.
Jeremiah 8:12	Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination? nay, they were not at all ashamed, neither could they blush: therefore shall they fall among them that fall: in the time of their visitation they shall be cast down, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 8:22	Is there no balm in Gilead; is there no physician there? why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered?
Jeremiah 9:10	For the mountains will I take up a weeping and wailing, and for the habitations of the wilderness a lamentation, because they are burned up, so that none can pass through them; neither can men hear the voice of the cattle; both the fowl of the heavens and the beast are fled; they are gone.
Jeremiah 9:20	Yet hear the word of the LORD, O ye women, and let your ear receive the word of his mouth, and teach your daughters wailing, and every one her neighbour lamentation.
Jeremiah 10:4	They deck it with silver and with gold; they fasten it with nails and with hammers, that it move not.
Jeremiah 10:14	Every man is brutish in his knowledge: every founder is confounded by the graven image: for his molten image is falsehood, and there is no breath in them.
Jeremiah 10:24	O LORD, correct me, but with judgment; not in thine anger, lest thou bring me to nothing.
Jeremiah 11:9	And the LORD said unto me, A conspiracy is found among the men of Judah, and among the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 11:19	But I was like a lamb or an ox that is brought to the slaughter; and I knew not that they had devised devices against me, saying, Let us destroy the tree with the fruit thereof, and let us cut him off from the land of the living, that his name may be no more remembered.
Jeremiah 12:6	For even thy brethren, and the house of thy father, even they have dealt treacherously with thee; yea, they have called a multitude after thee: believe them not, though they speak fair words unto thee.
Jeremiah 12:16	And it shall come to pass, if they will diligently learn the ways of my people, to swear by my name, The LORD liveth; as they taught my people to swear by Baal; then shall they be built in the midst of my people.
Jeremiah 13:9	Thus saith the LORD, After this manner will I mar the pride of Judah, and the great pride of Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 13:19	The cities of the south shall be shut up, and none shall open them: Judah shall be carried away captive all of it, it shall be wholly carried away captive.
Jeremiah 14:2	Judah mourneth, and the gates thereof languish; they are black unto the ground; and the cry of Jerusalem is gone up.
Jeremiah 14:12	When they fast, I will not hear their cry; and when they offer burnt offering and an oblation, I will not accept them: but I will consume them by the sword, and by the famine, and by the pestilence.
Jeremiah 14:22	Are there any among the vanities of the Gentiles that can cause rain? or can the heavens give showers? art not thou he, O LORD our God? therefore we will wait upon thee: for thou hast made all these things.
Jeremiah 15:10	Woe is me, my mother, that thou hast borne me a man of strife and a man of contention to the whole earth! I have neither lent on usury, nor men have lent to me on usury; yet every one of them doth curse me.
Jeremiah 15:20	And I will make thee unto this people a fenced brasen wall: and they shall fight against thee, but they shall not prevail against thee: for I am with thee to save thee and to deliver thee, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 16:9	For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will cause to cease out of this place in your eyes, and in your days, the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride.
Jeremiah 16:19	O LORD, my strength, and my fortress, and my refuge in the day of affliction, the Gentiles shall come unto thee from the ends of the earth, and shall say, Surely our fathers have inherited lies, vanity, and things wherein there is no profit.
Jeremiah 17:8	For he shall be as a tree planted by the waters, and that spreadeth out her roots by the river, and shall not see when heat cometh, but her leaf shall be green; and shall not be careful in the year of drought, neither shall cease from yielding fruit.
Jeremiah 17:18	Let them be confounded that persecute me, but let not me be confounded: let them be dismayed, but let not me be dismayed: bring upon them the day of evil, and destroy them with double destruction.
Jeremiah 18:1	The word which came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,
Jeremiah 18:11	Now therefore go to, speak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I frame evil against you, and devise a device against you: return ye now every one from his evil way, and make your ways and your doings good.
Jeremiah 18:21	Therefore deliver up their children to the famine, and pour out their blood by the force of the sword; and let their wives be bereaved of their children, and be widows; and let their men be put to death; let their young men be slain by the sword in battle.
Jeremiah 19:8	And I will make this city desolate, and an hissing; every one that passeth thereby shall be astonished and hiss because of all the plagues thereof.
Jeremiah 20:3	And it came to pass on the morrow, that Pashur brought forth Jeremiah out of the stocks. Then said Jeremiah unto him, The LORD hath not called thy name Pashur, but Magormissabib.
Jeremiah 20:13	Sing unto the LORD, praise ye the LORD: for he hath delivered the soul of the poor from the hand of evildoers.
Jeremiah 21:5	And I myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm, even in anger, and in fury, and in great wrath.
Jeremiah 22:1	Thus saith the LORD; Go down to the house of the king of Judah, and speak there this word,
Jeremiah 22:11	For thus saith the LORD touching Shallum the son of Josiah king of Judah, which reigned instead of Josiah his father, which went forth out of this place; He shall not return thither any more:
Jeremiah 22:21	I spake unto thee in thy prosperity; but thou saidst, I will not hear. This hath been thy manner from thy youth, that thou obeyedst not my voice.
Jeremiah 23:1	Woe be unto the pastors that destroy and scatter the sheep of my pasture! saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 23:11	For both prophet and priest are profane; yea, in my house have I found their wickedness, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 23:21	I have not sent these prophets, yet they ran: I have not spoken to them, yet they prophesied.
Jeremiah 23:31	Behold, I am against the prophets, saith the LORD, that use their tongues, and say, He saith.
Jeremiah 24:1	The LORD shewed me, and, behold, two baskets of figs were set before the temple of the LORD, after that Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon had carried away captive Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah, and the princes of Judah, with the carpenters and smiths, from Jerusalem, and had brought them to Babylon.
Jeremiah 25:1	The word that came to Jeremiah concerning all the people of Judah in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, that was the first year of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon;
Jeremiah 25:11	And this whole land shall be a desolation, and an astonishment; and these nations shall serve the king of Babylon seventy years.
Jeremiah 25:21	Edom, and Moab, and the children of Ammon,
Jeremiah 25:31	A noise shall come even to the ends of the earth; for the LORD hath a controversy with the nations, he will plead with all flesh; he will give them that are wicked to the sword, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 26:3	If so be they will hearken, and turn every man from his evil way, that I may repent me of the evil, which I purpose to do unto them because of the evil of their doings.
Jeremiah 26:13	Therefore now amend your ways and your doings, and obey the voice of the LORD your God; and the LORD will repent him of the evil that he hath pronounced against you.
Jeremiah 26:23	And they fetched forth Urijah out of Egypt, and brought him unto Jehoiakim the king; who slew him with the sword, and cast his dead body into the graves of the common people.
Jeremiah 27:9	Therefore hearken not ye to your prophets, nor to your diviners, nor to your dreamers, nor to your enchanters, nor to your sorcerers, which speak unto you, saying, Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon:
Jeremiah 27:19	For thus saith the LORD of hosts concerning the pillars, and concerning the sea, and concerning the bases, and concerning the residue of the vessels that remain in this city.
Jeremiah 28:7	Nevertheless hear thou now this word that I speak in thine ears, and in the ears of all the people;
Jeremiah 28:17	So Hananiah the prophet died the same year in the seventh month.
Jeremiah 29:10	For thus saith the LORD, That after seventy years be accomplished at Babylon I will visit you, and perform my good word toward you, in causing you to return to this place.
Jeremiah 29:20	Hear ye therefore the word of the LORD, all ye of the captivity, whom I have sent from Jerusalem to Babylon:
Jeremiah 29:30	Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 30:8	For it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD of hosts, that I will break his yoke from off thy neck, and will burst thy bonds, and strangers shall no more serve themselves of him:
Jeremiah 30:18	Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will bring again the captivity of Jacob's tents, and have mercy on his dwellingplaces; and the city shall be builded upon her own heap, and the palace shall remain after the manner thereof.
Jeremiah 31:4	Again I will build thee, and thou shalt be built, O virgin of Israel: thou shalt again be adorned with thy tabrets, and shalt go forth in the dances of them that make merry.
Jeremiah 31:14	And I will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness, and my people shall be satisfied with my goodness, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 31:24	And there shall dwell in Judah itself, and in all the cities thereof together, husbandmen, and they that go forth with flocks.
Jeremiah 31:34	And they shall teach no more every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the LORD: for they shall all know me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the LORD: for I will forgive their iniquity, and I will remember their sin no more.
Jeremiah 32:4	And Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans, but shall surely be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon, and shall speak with him mouth to mouth, and his eyes shall behold his eyes;
Jeremiah 32:14	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Take these evidences, this evidence of the purchase, both which is sealed, and this evidence which is open; and put them in an earthen vessel, that they may continue many days.
Jeremiah 32:24	Behold the mounts, they are come unto the city to take it; and the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans, that fight against it, because of the sword, and of the famine, and of the pestilence: and what thou hast spoken is come to pass; and, behold, thou seest it.
Jeremiah 32:34	But they set their abominations in the house, which is called by my name, to defile it.
Jeremiah 32:44	Men shall buy fields for money, and subscribe evidences, and seal them, and take witnesses in the land of Benjamin, and in the places about Jerusalem, and in the cities of Judah, and in the cities of the mountains, and in the cities of the valley, and in the cities of the south: for I will cause their captivity to return, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 33:10	Thus saith the LORD; Again there shall be heard in this place, which ye say shall be desolate without man and without beast, even in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, that are desolate, without man, and without inhabitant, and without beast,
Jeremiah 33:20	Thus saith the LORD; If ye can break my covenant of the day, and my covenant of the night, and that there should not be day and night in their season;
Jeremiah 34:4	Yet hear the word of the LORD, O Zedekiah king of Judah; Thus saith the LORD of thee, Thou shalt not die by the sword:
Jeremiah 34:14	At the end of seven years let ye go every man his brother an Hebrew, which hath been sold unto thee; and when he hath served thee six years, thou shalt let him go free from thee: but your fathers hearkened not unto me, neither inclined their ear.
Jeremiah 35:2	Go unto the house of the Rechabites, and speak unto them, and bring them into the house of the LORD, into one of the chambers, and give them wine to drink.
Jeremiah 35:12	Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 36:3	It may be that the house of Judah will hear all the evil which I purpose to do unto them; that they may return every man from his evil way; that I may forgive their iniquity and their sin.
Jeremiah 36:13	Then Michaiah declared unto them all the words that he had heard, when Baruch read the book in the ears of the people.
Jeremiah 36:23	And it came to pass, that when Jehudi had read three or four leaves, he cut it with the penknife, and cast it into the fire that was on the hearth, until all the roll was consumed in the fire that was on the hearth.
Jeremiah 37:1	And king Zedekiah the son of Josiah reigned instead of Coniah the son of Jehoiakim, whom Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon made king in the land of Judah.
Jeremiah 37:11	And it came to pass, that when the army of the Chaldeans was broken up from Jerusalem for fear of Pharaoh's army,
Jeremiah 37:21	Then Zedekiah the king commanded that they should commit Jeremiah into the court of the prison, and that they should give him daily a piece of bread out of the bakers' street, until all the bread in the city were spent. Thus Jeremiah remained in the court of the prison.
Jeremiah 38:10	|Then the king commanded Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, saying, Take from hence thirty men with thee, and take up Jeremiah the prophet out of the dungeon, before he die.
Jeremiah 38:20	But Jeremiah said, They shall not deliver thee. Obey, I beseech thee, the voice of the LORD, which I speak unto thee: so it shall be well unto thee, and thy soul shall live.
Jeremiah 39:2	And in the eleventh year of Zedekiah, in the fourth month, the ninth day of the month, the city was broken up.
Jeremiah 39:12	Take him, and look well to him, and do him no harm; but do unto him even as he shall say unto thee.
Jeremiah 40:4	And now, behold, I loose thee this day from the chains which were upon thine hand. If it seem good unto thee to come with me into Babylon, come; and I will look well unto thee: but if it seem ill unto thee to come with me into Babylon, forbear: behold, all the land is before thee: whither it seemeth good and convenient for thee to go, thither go.
Jeremiah 40:14	And said unto him, Dost thou certainly know that Baalis the king of the Ammonites hath sent Ishmael the son of Nethaniah to slay thee? But Gedaliah the son of Ahikam believed them not.
Jeremiah 41:8	But ten men were found among them that said unto Ishmael, Slay us not: for we have treasures in the field, of wheat, and of barley, and of oil, and of honey. So he forbare, and slew them not among their brethren.
Jeremiah 41:18	Because of the Chaldeans: for they were afraid of them, because Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had slain Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon made governor in the land.
Jeremiah 42:10	If ye will still abide in this land, then will I build you, and not pull you down, and I will plant you, and not pluck you up: for I repent me of the evil that I have done unto you.
Jeremiah 42:20	For ye dissembled in your hearts, when ye sent me unto the LORD your God, saying, Pray for us unto the LORD our God; and according unto all that the LORD our God shall say, so declare unto us, and we will do it.
Jeremiah 43:8	Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah in Tahpanhes, saying,
Jeremiah 44:5	But they hearkened not, nor inclined their ear to turn from their wickedness, to burn no incense unto other gods.
Jeremiah 44:15	Then all the men which knew that their wives had burned incense unto other gods, and all the women that stood by, a great multitude, even all the people that dwelt in the land of Egypt, in Pathros, answered Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 44:25	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saying; Ye and your wives have both spoken with your mouths, and fulfilled with your hand, saying, We will surely perform our vows that we have vowed, to burn incense to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto her: ye will surely accomplish your vows, and surely perform your vows.
Jeremiah 45:5	And seekest thou great things for thyself? seek them not: for, behold, I will bring evil upon all flesh, saith the LORD: but thy life will I give unto thee for a prey in all places whither thou goest.
Jeremiah 46:10	For this is the day of the Lord GOD of hosts, a day of vengeance, that he may avenge him of his adversaries: and the sword shall devour, and it shall be satiate and made drunk with their blood: for the Lord GOD of hosts hath a sacrifice in the north country by the river Euphrates.
Jeremiah 46:20	Egypt is like a very fair heifer, but destruction cometh; it cometh out of the north.
Jeremiah 47:2	Thus saith the LORD; Behold, waters rise up out of the north, and shall be an overflowing flood, and shall overflow the land, and all that is therein; the city, and them that dwell therein: then the men shall cry, and all the inhabitants of the land shall howl.
Jeremiah 48:5	For in the going up of Luhith continual weeping shall go up; for in the going down of Horonaim the enemies have heard a cry of destruction.
Jeremiah 48:15	Moab is spoiled, and gone up out of her cities, and his chosen young men are gone down to the slaughter, saith the King, whose name is the LORD of hosts.
Jeremiah 48:25	The horn of Moab is cut off, and his arm is broken, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 48:35	Moreover I will cause to cease in Moab, saith the LORD, him that offereth in the high places, and him that burneth incense to his gods.
Jeremiah 48:45	They that fled stood under the shadow of Heshbon because of the force: but a fire shall come forth out of Heshbon, and a flame from the midst of Sihon, and shall devour the corner of Moab, and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones.
Jeremiah 49:8	Flee ye, turn back, dwell deep, O inhabitants of Dedan; for I will bring the calamity of Esau upon him, the time that I will visit him.
Jeremiah 49:18	As in the overthrow of Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighbour cities thereof, saith the LORD, no man shall abide there, neither shall a son of man dwell in it.
Jeremiah 49:28	Concerning Kedar, and concerning the kingdoms of Hazor, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon shall smite, thus saith the LORD; Arise ye, go up to Kedar, and spoil the men of the east.
Jeremiah 49:38	And I will set my throne in Elam, and will destroy from thence the king and the princes, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 50:9	For, lo, I will raise and cause to come up against Babylon an assembly of great nations from the north country: and they shall set themselves in array against her; from thence she shall be taken: their arrows shall be as of a mighty expert man; none shall return in vain.
Jeremiah 50:19	And I will bring Israel again to his habitation, and he shall feed on Carmel and Bashan, and his soul shall be satisfied upon mount Ephraim and Gilead.
Jeremiah 50:29	Call together the archers against Babylon: all ye that bend the bow, camp against it round about; let none thereof escape: recompense her according to her work; according to all that she hath done, do unto her: for she hath been proud against the LORD, against the Holy One of Israel.
Jeremiah 50:39	Therefore the wild beasts of the desert with the wild beasts of the islands shall dwell there, and the owls shall dwell therein: and it shall be no more inhabited for ever; neither shall it be dwelt in from generation to generation.
Jeremiah 51:3	Against him that bendeth let the archer bend his bow, and against him that lifteth himself up in his brigandine: and spare ye not her young men; destroy ye utterly all her host.
Jeremiah 51:13	O thou that dwellest upon many waters, abundant in treasures, thine end is come, and the measure of thy covetousness.
Jeremiah 51:23	I will also break in pieces with thee the shepherd and his flock; and with thee will I break in pieces the husbandman and his yoke of oxen; and with thee will I break in pieces captains and rulers.
Jeremiah 51:33	For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; The daughter of Babylon is like a threshingfloor, it is time to thresh her: yet a little while, and the time of her harvest shall come.
Jeremiah 51:43	Her cities are a desolation, a dry land, and a wilderness, a land wherein no man dwelleth, neither doth any son of man pass thereby.
Jeremiah 51:53	Though Babylon should mount up to heaven, and though she should fortify the height of her strength, yet from me shall spoilers come unto her, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 51:63	And it shall be, when thou hast made an end of reading this book, that thou shalt bind a stone to it, and cast it into the midst of Euphrates:
Jeremiah 52:9	Then they took the king, and carried him up unto the king of Babylon to Riblah in the land of Hamath; where he gave judgment upon him.
Jeremiah 52:19	And the basons, and the firepans, and the bowls, and the caldrons, and the candlesticks, and the spoons, and the cups; that which was of gold in gold, and that which was of silver in silver, took the captain of the guard away.
Jeremiah 52:29	In the eighteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar he carried away captive from Jerusalem eight hundred thirty and two persons:
Lamentations 1:5	Her adversaries are the chief, her enemies prosper; for the LORD hath afflicted her for the multitude of her transgressions: her children are gone into captivity before the enemy.
Lamentations 1:15	The LORD hath trodden under foot all my mighty men in the midst of me: he hath called an assembly against me to crush my young men: the LORD hath trodden the virgin, the daughter of Judah, as in a winepress.
Lamentations 2:3	He hath cut off in his fierce anger all the horn of Israel: he hath drawn back his right hand from before the enemy, and he burned against Jacob like a flaming fire, which devoureth round about.
Lamentations 2:13	What thing shall I take to witness for thee? what thing shall I liken to thee, O daughter of Jerusalem? what shall I equal to thee, that I may comfort thee, O virgin daughter of Zion? for thy breach is great like the sea: who can heal thee?
Lamentations 3:1	I AM the man that hath seen affliction by the rod of his wrath.
Lamentations 3:11	He hath turned aside my ways, and pulled me in pieces: he hath made me desolate.
Lamentations 3:21	This I recall to my mind, therefore have I hope.
Lamentations 3:31	For the LORD will not cast off for ever:
Lamentations 3:41	Let us lift up our heart with our hands unto God in the heavens.
Lamentations 3:51	Mine eye affecteth mine heart because of all the daughters of my city.
Lamentations 3:61	Thou hast heard their reproach, O LORD, and all their imaginations against me;
Lamentations 4:5	They that did feed delicately are desolate in the streets: they that were brought up in scarlet embrace dunghills.
Lamentations 4:15	They cried unto them, Depart ye; it is unclean; depart, depart, touch not: when they fled away and wandered, they said among the heathen, They shall no more sojourn there.
Lamentations 5:3	We are orphans and fatherless, our mothers are as widows.
Lamentations 5:13	They took the young men to grind, and the children fell under the wood.
Ezekiel 1:1	Now it came to pass in the thirtieth year, in the fourth month, in the fifth day of the month, as I was among the captives by the river of Chebar, that the heavens were opened, and I saw visions of God.
Ezekiel 1:11	Thus were their faces: and their wings were stretched upward; two wings of every one were joined one to another, and two covered their bodies.
Ezekiel 1:21	When those went, these went; and when those stood, these stood; and when those were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up over against them: for the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels.
Ezekiel 2:3	And he said unto me, Son of man, I send thee to the children of Israel, to a rebellious nation that hath rebelled against me: they and their fathers have transgressed against me, even unto this very day.
Ezekiel 3:3	And he said unto me, Son of man, cause thy belly to eat, and fill thy bowels with this roll that I give thee. Then did I eat it; and it was in my mouth as honey for sweetness.
Ezekiel 3:13	I heard also the noise of the wings of the living creatures that touched one another, and the noise of the wheels over against them, and a noise of a great rushing.
Ezekiel 3:23	Then I arose, and went forth into the plain: and, behold, the glory of the LORD stood there, as the glory which I saw by the river of Chebar: and I fell on my face.
Ezekiel 4:6	And when thou hast accomplished them, lie again on thy right side, and thou shalt bear the iniquity of the house of Judah forty days: I have appointed thee each day for a year.
Ezekiel 4:16	Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, behold, I will break the staff of bread in Jerusalem: and they shall eat bread by weight, and with care; and they shall drink water by measure, and with astonishment:
Ezekiel 5:9	And I will do in thee that which I have not done, and whereunto I will not do any more the like, because of all thine abominations.
Ezekiel 6:2	Son of man, set thy face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy against them,
Ezekiel 6:12	He that is far off shall die of the pestilence; and he that is near shall fall by the sword; and he that remaineth and is besieged shall die by the famine: thus will I accomplish my fury upon them.
Ezekiel 7:8	Now will I shortly pour out my fury upon thee, and accomplish mine anger upon thee: and I will judge thee according to thy ways, and will recompense thee for all thine abominations.
Ezekiel 7:18	They shall also gird themselves with sackcloth, and horror shall cover them; and shame shall be upon all faces, and baldness upon all their heads.
Ezekiel 8:1	And it came to pass in the sixth year, in the sixth month, in the fifth day of the month, as I sat in mine house, and the elders of Judah sat before me, that the hand of the Lord GOD fell there upon me.
Ezekiel 8:11	And there stood before them seventy men of the ancients of the house of Israel, and in the midst of them stood Jaazaniah the son of Shaphan, with every man his censer in his hand; and a thick cloud of incense went up.
Ezekiel 9:3	And the glory of the God of Israel was gone up from the cherub, whereupon he was, to the threshold of the house. And he called to the man clothed with linen, which had the writer's inkhorn by his side;
Ezekiel 10:2	And he spake unto the man clothed with linen, and said, Go in between the wheels, even under the cherub, and fill thine hand with coals of fire from between the cherubims, and scatter them over the city. And he went in in my sight.
Ezekiel 10:12	And their whole body, and their backs, and their hands, and their wings, and the wheels, were full of eyes round about, even the wheels that they four had.
Ezekiel 10:22	And the likeness of their faces was the same faces which I saw by the river of Chebar, their appearances and themselves: they went every one straight forward.
Ezekiel 11:10	Ye shall fall by the sword; I will judge you in the border of Israel; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 11:20	That they may walk in my statutes, and keep mine ordinances, and do them: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God.
Ezekiel 12:5	Dig thou through the wall in their sight, and carry out thereby.
Ezekiel 12:15	And they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall scatter them among the nations, and disperse them in the countries.
Ezekiel 12:25	For I am the LORD: I will speak, and the word that I shall speak shall come to pass; it shall be no more prolonged: for in your days, O rebellious house, will I say the word, and will perform it, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 13:7	Have ye not seen a vain vision, and have ye not spoken a lying divination, whereas ye say, The LORD saith it; albeit I have not spoken?
Ezekiel 13:17	Likewise, thou son of man, set thy face against the daughters of thy people, which prophesy out of their own heart; and prophesy thou against them,
Ezekiel 14:4	Therefore speak unto them, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Every man of the house of Israel that setteth up his idols in his heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to the prophet; I the LORD will answer him that cometh according to the multitude of his idols;
Ezekiel 14:14	Though these three men, Noah, Daniel, and Job, were in it, they should deliver but their own souls by their righteousness, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 15:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 16:3	And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD unto Jerusalem; Thy birth and thy nativity is of the land of Canaan; thy father was an Amorite, and thy mother an Hittite.
Ezekiel 16:13	Thus wast thou decked with gold and silver; and thy raiment was of fine linen, and silk, and broidered work; thou didst eat fine flour, and honey, and oil: and thou wast exceeding beautiful, and thou didst prosper into a kingdom.
Ezekiel 16:23	And it came to pass after all thy wickedness, (woe, woe unto thee! saith the LORD GOD;)
Ezekiel 16:33	They give gifts to all whores: but thou givest thy gifts to all thy lovers, and hirest them, that they may come unto thee on every side for thy whoredom.
Ezekiel 16:43	Because thou hast not remembered the days of thy youth, but hast fretted me in all these things; behold, therefore I also will recompense thy way upon thine head, saith the Lord GOD: and thou shalt not commit this lewdness above all thine abominations.
Ezekiel 16:53	When I shall bring again their captivity, the captivity of Sodom and her daughters, and the captivity of Samaria and her daughters, then will I bring again the captivity of thy captives in the midst of them:
Ezekiel 16:63	That thou mayest remember, and be confounded, and never open thy mouth any more because of thy shame, when I am pacified toward thee for all that thou hast done, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 17:10	Yea, behold, being planted, shall it prosper? shall it not utterly wither, when the east wind toucheth it? it shall wither in the furrows where it grew.
Ezekiel 17:20	And I will spread my net upon him, and he shall be taken in my snare, and I will bring him to Babylon, and will plead with him there for his trespass that he hath trespassed against me.
Ezekiel 18:6	And hath not eaten upon the mountains, neither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel, neither hath defiled his neighbour's wife, neither hath come near to a menstruous woman,
Ezekiel 18:16	Neither hath oppressed any, hath not withholden the pledge, neither hath spoiled by violence, but hath given his bread to the hungry, and hath covered the naked with a garment,
Ezekiel 18:26	When a righteous man turneth away from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, and dieth in them; for his iniquity that he hath done shall he die.
Ezekiel 19:4	The nations also heard of him; he was taken in their pit, and they brought him with chains unto the land of Egypt.
Ezekiel 19:14	And fire is gone out of a rod of her branches, which hath devoured her fruit, so that she hath no strong rod to be a sceptre to rule. This is a lamentation, and shall be for a lamentation.
Ezekiel 20:10	Wherefore I caused them to go forth out of the land of Egypt, and brought them into the wilderness.
Ezekiel 20:20	And hallow my sabbaths; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may know that I am the LORD your God.
Ezekiel 20:30	Wherefore say unto the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Are ye polluted after the manner of your fathers? and commit ye whoredom after their abominations?
Ezekiel 20:40	For in mine holy mountain, in the mountain of the height of Israel, saith the Lord GOD, there shall all the house of Israel, all of them in the land, serve me: there will I accept them, and there will I require your offerings, and the firstfruits of your oblations, with all your holy things.
Ezekiel 21:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 21:11	And he hath given it to be furbished, that it may be handled: this sword is sharpened, and it is furbished, to give it into the hand of the slayer.
Ezekiel 21:21	For the king of Babylon stood at the parting of the way, at the head of the two ways, to use divination: he made his arrows bright, he consulted with images, he looked in the liver.
Ezekiel 21:31	And I will pour out mine indignation upon thee, I will blow against thee in the fire of my wrath, and deliver thee into the hand of brutish men, and skilful to destroy.
Ezekiel 22:9	In thee are men that carry tales to shed blood: and in thee they eat upon the mountains: in the midst of thee they commit lewdness.
Ezekiel 22:19	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye are all become dross, behold, therefore I will gather you into the midst of Jerusalem.
Ezekiel 22:29	The people of the land have used oppression, and exercised robbery, and have vexed the poor and needy: yea, they have oppressed the stranger wrongfully.
Ezekiel 23:8	Neither left she her whoredoms brought from Egypt: for in her youth they lay with her, and they bruised the breasts of her virginity, and poured their whoredom upon her.
Ezekiel 23:18	So she discovered her whoredoms, and discovered her nakedness: then my mind was alienated from her, like as my mind was alienated from her sister.
Ezekiel 23:28	For thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will deliver thee into the hand of them whom thou hatest, into the hand of them from whom thy mind is alienated:
Ezekiel 23:38	Moreover this they have done unto me: they have defiled my sanctuary in the same day, and have profaned my sabbaths.
Ezekiel 23:48	Thus will I cause lewdness to cease out of the land, that all women may be taught not to do after your lewdness.
Ezekiel 24:9	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe to the bloody city! I will even make the pile for fire great.
Ezekiel 24:19	And the people said unto me, Wilt thou not tell us what these things are to us, that thou doest so?
Ezekiel 25:2	Son of man, set thy face against the Ammonites, and prophesy against them;
Ezekiel 25:12	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because that Edom hath dealt against the house of Judah by taking vengeance, and hath greatly offended, and revenged himself upon them;
Ezekiel 26:5	It shall be a place for the spreading of nets in the midst of the sea: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD: and it shall become a spoil to the nations.
Ezekiel 26:15	Thus saith the Lord GOD to Tyrus; Shall not the isles shake at the sound of thy fall, when the wounded cry, when the slaughter is made in the midst of thee?
Ezekiel 27:4	Thy borders are in the midst of the seas, thy builders have perfected thy beauty.
Ezekiel 27:14	They of the house of Togarmah traded in thy fairs with horses and horsemen and mules.
Ezekiel 27:24	These were thy merchants in all sorts of things, in blue clothes, and broidered work, and in chests of rich apparel, bound with cords, and made of cedar, among thy merchandise.
Ezekiel 27:34	In the time when thou shalt be broken by the seas in the depths of the waters thy merchandise and all thy company in the midst of thee shall fall.
Ezekiel 28:8	They shall bring thee down to the pit, and thou shalt die the deaths of them that are slain in the midst of the seas.
Ezekiel 28:18	Thou hast defiled thy sanctuaries by the multitude of thine iniquities, by the iniquity of thy traffick; therefore will I bring forth a fire from the midst of thee, it shall devour thee, and I will bring thee to ashes upon the earth in the sight of all them that behold thee.
Ezekiel 29:2	Son of man, set thy face against Pharaoh king of Egypt, and prophesy against him, and against all Egypt:
Ezekiel 29:12	And I will make the land of Egypt desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate, and her cities among the cities that are laid waste shall be desolate forty years: and I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the countries.
Ezekiel 30:1	The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 30:11	He and his people with him, the terrible of the nations, shall be brought to destroy the land: and they shall draw their swords against Egypt, and fill the land with the slain.
Ezekiel 30:21	Son of man, I have broken the arm of Pharaoh king of Egypt; and, lo, it shall not be bound up to be healed, to put a roller to bind it, to make it strong to hold the sword.
Ezekiel 31:5	Therefore his height was exalted above all the trees of the field, and his boughs were multiplied, and his branches became long because of the multitude of waters, when he shot forth.
Ezekiel 31:15	Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the day when he went down to the grave I caused a mourning: I covered the deep for him, and I restrained the floods thereof, and the great waters were stayed: and I caused Lebanon to mourn for him, and all the trees of the field fainted for him.
Ezekiel 32:7	And when I shall put thee out, I will cover the heaven, and make the stars thereof dark; I will cover the sun with a cloud, and the moon shall not give her light.
Ezekiel 32:17	It came to pass also in the twelfth year, in the fifteenth day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 32:27	And they shall not lie with the mighty that are fallen of the uncircumcised, which are gone down to hell with their weapons of war: and they have laid their swords under their heads, but their iniquities shall be upon their bones, though they were the terror of the mighty in the land of the living.
Ezekiel 33:5	He heard the sound of the trumpet, and took not warning; his blood shall be upon him. But he that taketh warning shall deliver his soul.
Ezekiel 33:15	If the wicked restore the pledge, give again that he had robbed, walk in the statutes of life, without committing iniquity; he shall surely live, he shall not die.
Ezekiel 33:25	Wherefore say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Ye eat with the blood, and lift up your eyes toward your idols, and shed blood: and shall ye possess the land?
Ezekiel 34:2	Son of man, prophesy against the shepherds of Israel, prophesy, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD unto the shepherds; Woe be to the shepherds of Israel that do feed themselves! should not the shepherds feed the flocks?
Ezekiel 34:12	As a shepherd seeketh out his flock in the day that he is among his sheep that are scattered; so will I seek out my sheep, and will deliver them out of all places where they have been scattered in the cloudy and dark day.
Ezekiel 34:22	Therefore will I save my flock, and they shall no more be a prey; and I will judge between cattle and cattle.
Ezekiel 35:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 35:11	Therefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will even do according to thine anger, and according to thine envy which thou hast used out of thy hatred against them; and I will make myself known among them, when I have judged thee.
Ezekiel 36:6	Prophesy therefore concerning the land of Israel, and say unto the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I have spoken in my jealousy and in my fury, because ye have borne the shame of the heathen:
Ezekiel 36:16	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 36:26	A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you: and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you an heart of flesh.
Ezekiel 36:36	Then the heathen that are left round about you shall know that I the LORD build the ruined places, and plant that that was desolate: I the LORD have spoken it, and I will do it.
Ezekiel 37:8	And when I beheld, lo, the sinews and the flesh came up upon them, and the skin covered them above: but there was no breath in them.
Ezekiel 37:18	And when the children of thy people shall speak unto thee, saying, Wilt thou not shew us what thou meanest by these?
Ezekiel 37:28	And the heathen shall know that I the LORD do sanctify Israel, when my sanctuary shall be in the midst of them for evermore.
Ezekiel 38:10	Thus saith the Lord GOD; It shall also come to pass, that at the same time shall things come into thy mind, and thou shalt think an evil thought:
Ezekiel 38:20	So that the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the heaven, and the beasts of the field, and all creeping things that creep upon the earth, and all the men that are upon the face of the earth, shall shake at my presence, and the mountains shall be thrown down, and the steep places shall fall, and every wall shall fall to the ground.
Ezekiel 39:7	So will I make my holy name known in the midst of my people Israel; and I will not let them pollute my holy name any more: and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD, the Holy One in Israel.
Ezekiel 39:17	And, thou son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD; Speak unto every feathered fowl, and to every beast of the field, Assemble yourselves, and come; gather yourselves on every side to my sacrifice that I do sacrifice for you, even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of Israel, that ye may eat flesh, and drink blood.
Ezekiel 39:27	When I have brought them again from the people, and gathered them out of their enemies' lands, and am sanctified in them in the sight of many nations;
Ezekiel 40:8	He measured also the porch of the gate within, one reed.
Ezekiel 40:18	And the pavement by the side of the gates over against the length of the gates was the lower pavement.
Ezekiel 40:28	And he brought me to the inner court by the south gate: and he measured the south gate according to these measures;
Ezekiel 40:38	And the chambers and the entries thereof were by the posts of the gates, where they washed the burnt offering.
Ezekiel 40:48	And he brought me to the porch of the house, and measured each post of the porch, five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that side: and the breadth of the gate was three cubits on this side, and three cubits on that side.
Ezekiel 41:9	The thickness of the wall, which was for the side chamber without, was five cubits: and that which was left was the place of the side chambers that were within.
Ezekiel 41:19	So that the face of a man was toward the palm tree on the one side, and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side: it was made through all the house round about.
Ezekiel 42:3	Over against the twenty cubits which were for the inner court, and over against the pavement which was for the utter court, was gallery against gallery in three stories.
Ezekiel 42:13	Then said he unto me, The north chambers and the south chambers, which are before the separate place, they be holy chambers, where the priests that approach unto the LORD shall eat the most holy things: there shall they lay the most holy things, and the meat offering, and the sin offering, and the trespass offering; for the place is holy.
Ezekiel 43:3	And it was according to the appearance of the vision which I saw, even according to the vision that I saw when I came to destroy the city: and the visions were like the vision that I saw by the river Chebar; and I fell upon my face.
Ezekiel 43:13	And these are the measures of the altar after the cubits: The cubit is a cubit and an hand breadth; even the bottom shall be a cubit, and the breadth a cubit, and the border thereof by the edge thereof round about shall be a span: and this shall be the higher place of the altar.
Ezekiel 43:23	When thou hast made an end of cleansing it, thou shalt offer a young bullock without blemish, and a ram out of the flock without blemish.
Ezekiel 44:6	And thou shalt say to the rebellious, even to the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; O ye house of Israel, let it suffice you of all your abominations,
Ezekiel 44:16	They shall enter into my sanctuary, and they shall come near to my table, to minister unto me, and they shall keep my charge.
Ezekiel 44:26	And after he is cleansed, they shall reckon unto him seven days.
Ezekiel 45:5	And the five and twenty thousand of length, and the ten thousand of breadth shall also the Levites, the ministers of the house, have for themselves, for a possession for twenty chambers.
Ezekiel 45:15	And one lamb out of the flock, out of two hundred, out of the fat pastures of Israel; for a meat offering, and for a burnt offering, and for peace offerings, to make reconciliation for them, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 45:25	In the seventh month, in the fifteenth day of the month, shall he do the like in the feast of the seven days, according to the sin offering, according to the burnt offering, and according to the meat offering, and according to the oil.
Ezekiel 46:10	And the prince in the midst of them, when they go in, shall go in; and when they go forth, shall go forth.
Ezekiel 46:20	Then said he unto me, This is the place where the priests shall boil the trespass offering and the sin offering, where they shall bake the meat offering; that they bear them not out into the utter court, to sanctify the people.
Ezekiel 47:6	And he said unto me, Son of man, hast thou seen this? Then he brought me, and caused me to return to the brink of the river.
Ezekiel 47:16	Hamath, Berothah, Sibraim, which is between the border of Damascus and the border of Hamath; Hazarhatticon, which is by the coast of Hauran.
Ezekiel 48:3	And by the border of Asher, from the east side even unto the west side, a portion for Naphtali.
Ezekiel 48:13	And over against the border of the priests the Levites shall have five and twenty thousand in length, and ten thousand in breadth: all the length shall be five and twenty thousand, and the breadth ten thousand.
Ezekiel 48:23	As for the rest of the tribes, from the east side unto the west side, Benjamin shall have a portion.
Ezekiel 48:33	And at the south side four thousand and five hundred measures: and three gates; one gate of Simeon, one gate of Issachar, one gate of Zebulun.
Daniel 1:8	But Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the king's meat, nor with the wine which he drank: therefore he requested of the prince of the eunuchs that he might not defile himself.
Daniel 1:18	Now at the end of the days that the king had said he should bring them in, then the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.
Daniel 2:7	They answered again and said, Let the king tell his servants the dream, and we will shew the interpretation of it.
Daniel 2:17	Then Daniel went to his house, and made the thing known to Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah, his companions:
Daniel 2:27	Daniel answered in the presence of the king, and said, The secret which the king hath demanded cannot the wise men, the astrologers, the magicians, the soothsayers, shew unto the king;
Daniel 2:37	Thou, O king, art a king of kings: for the God of heaven hath given thee a kingdom, power, and strength, and glory.
Daniel 2:47	The king answered unto Daniel, and said, Of a truth it is, that your God is a God of gods, and a Lord of kings, and a revealer of secrets, seeing thou couldest reveal this secret.
Daniel 3:8	Wherefore at that time certain Chaldeans came near, and accused the Jews.
Daniel 3:18	But if not, be it known unto thee, O king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up.
Daniel 3:28	Then Nebuchadnezzar spake, and said, Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who hath sent his angel, and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king's word, and yielded their bodies, that they might not serve nor worship any god, except their own God.
Daniel 4:8	But at the last Daniel came in before me, whose name was Belteshazzar, according to the name of my God, and in whom is the spirit of the holy gods: and before him I told the dream, saying,
Daniel 4:18	This dream I king Nebuchadnezzar have seen. Now thou, O Belteshazzar, declare the interpretation thereof, forasmuch as all the wise men of my kingdom are not able to make known unto me the interpretation: but thou art able; for the spirit of the holy gods is in thee.
Daniel 4:28	All this came upon the king Nebuchadnezzar.
Daniel 5:1	Belshazzar the king made a great feast to a thousand of his lords, and drank wine before the thousand.
Daniel 5:11	There is a man in thy kingdom, in whom is the spirit of the holy gods; and in the days of thy father light and understanding and wisdom, like the wisdom of the gods, was found in him; whom the king Nebuchadnezzar thy father, the king, I say, thy father, made master of the magicians, astrologers, Chaldeans, and soothsayers;
Daniel 5:21	And he was driven from the sons of men; and his heart was made like the beasts, and his dwelling was with the wild asses: they fed him with grass like oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven; till he knew that the most high God ruled in the kingdom of men, and that he appointeth over it whomsoever he will.
Daniel 5:31	And Darius the Median took the kingdom, being about threescore and two years old.
Daniel 6:10	Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house; and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime.
Daniel 6:20	And when he came to the den, he cried with a lamentable voice unto Daniel: and the king spake and said to Daniel, O Daniel, servant of the living God, is thy God, whom thou servest continually, able to deliver thee from the lions?
Daniel 7:2	Daniel spake and said, I saw in my vision by night, and, behold, the four winds of the heaven strove upon the great sea.
Daniel 7:12	As concerning the rest of the beasts, they had their dominion taken away: yet their lives were prolonged for a season and time.
Daniel 7:22	Until the Ancient of days came, and judgment was given to the saints of the most High; and the time came that the saints possessed the kingdom.
Daniel 8:4	I saw the ram pushing westward, and northward, and southward; so that no beasts might stand before him, neither was there any that could deliver out of his hand; but he did according to his will, and became great.
Daniel 8:14	And he said unto me, Unto two thousand and three hundred days; then shall the sanctuary be cleansed.
Daniel 8:24	And his power shall be mighty, but not by his own power: and he shall destroy wonderfully, and shall prosper, and practise, and shall destroy the mighty and the holy people.
Daniel 9:7	O LORD, righteousness belongeth unto thee, but unto us confusion of faces, as at this day; to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and unto all Israel, that are near, and that are far off, through all the countries whither thou hast driven them, because of their trespass that they have trespassed against thee.
Daniel 9:17	Now therefore, O our God, hear the prayer of thy servant, and his supplications, and cause thy face to shine upon thy sanctuary that is desolate, for the Lord's sake.
Daniel 9:27	And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week: and in the midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation to cease, and for the overspreading of abominations he shall make it desolate, even until the consummation, and that determined shall be poured upon the desolate.
Daniel 10:10	And, behold, an hand touched me, which set me upon my knees and upon the palms of my hands.
Daniel 10:20	Then said he, Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee? and now will I return to fight with the prince of Persia: and when I am gone forth, lo, the prince of Grecia shall come.
Daniel 11:9	So the king of the south shall come into his kingdom, and shall return into his own land.
Daniel 11:19	Then he shall turn his face toward the fort of his own land: but he shall stumble and fall, and not be found.
Daniel 11:29	At the time appointed he shall return, and come toward the south; but it shall not be as the former, or as the latter.
Daniel 11:39	Thus shall he do in the most strong holds with a strange god, whom he shall acknowledge and increase with glory: and he shall cause them to rule over many, and shall divide the land for gain.
Daniel 12:4	But thou, O Daniel, shut up the words, and seal the book, even to the time of the end: many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased.
Hosea 1:1	The word of the LORD that came unto Hosea, the son of Beeri, in the days of Uzziah, Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash, king of Israel.
Hosea 1:11	Then shall the children of Judah and the children of Israel be gathered together, and appoint themselves one head, and they shall come up out of the land: for great shall be the day of Jezreel.
Hosea 2:10	And now will I discover her lewdness in the sight of her lovers, and none shall deliver her out of mine hand.
Hosea 2:20	I will even betroth thee unto me in faithfulness: and thou shalt know the LORD.
Hosea 4:2	By swearing, and lying, and killing, and stealing, and committing adultery, they break out, and blood toucheth blood.
Hosea 4:12	My people ask counsel at their stocks, and their staff declareth unto them: for the spirit of whoredoms hath caused them to err, and they have gone a whoring from under their God.
Hosea 5:3	I know Ephraim, and Israel is not hid from me: for now, O Ephraim, thou committest whoredom, and Israel is defiled.
Hosea 5:13	When Ephraim saw his sickness, and Judah saw his wound, then went Ephraim to the Assyrian, and sent to king Jareb: yet could he not heal you, nor cure you of your wound.
Hosea 6:8	Gilead is a city of them that work iniquity, and is polluted with blood.
Hosea 7:7	They are all hot as an oven, and have devoured their judges; all their kings are fallen: there is none among them that calleth unto me.
Hosea 8:1	Set the trumpet to thy mouth. He shall come as an eagle against the house of the LORD, because they have transgressed my covenant, and trespassed against my law.
Hosea 8:11	Because Ephraim hath made many altars to sin, altars shall be unto him to sin.
Hosea 9:7	The days of visitation are come, the days of recompence are come; Israel shall know it: the prophet is a fool, the spiritual man is mad, for the multitude of thine iniquity, and the great hatred.
Hosea 9:17	My God will cast them away, because they did not hearken unto him: and they shall be wanderers among the nations.
Hosea 10:10	It is in my desire that I should chastise them; and the people shall be gathered against them, when they shall bind themselves in their two furrows.
Hosea 11:5	He shall not return into the land of Egypt, and the Assyrian shall be his king, because they refused to return.
Hosea 12:3	He took his brother by the heel in the womb, and by his strength he had power with God:
Hosea 12:13	And by a prophet the LORD brought Israel out of Egypt, and by a prophet was he preserved.
Hosea 13:9	O Israel, thou hast destroyed thyself; but in me is thine help.
Hosea 14:3	Asshur shall not save us; we will not ride upon horses: neither will we say any more to the work of our hands, Ye are our gods: for in thee the fatherless findeth mercy.
Joel 1:4	That which the palmerworm hath left hath the locust eaten; and that which the locust hath left hath the cankerworm eaten; and that which the cankerworm hath left hath the caterpiller eaten.
Joel 1:14	Sanctify ye a fast, call a solemn assembly, gather the elders and all the inhabitants of the land into the house of the LORD your God, and cry unto the LORD,
Joel 2:4	The appearance of them is as the appearance of horses; and as horsemen, so shall they run.
Joel 2:14	Who knoweth if he will return and repent, and leave a blessing behind him; even a meat offering and a drink offering unto the LORD your God?
Joel 2:24	And the floors shall be full of wheat, and the vats shall overflow with wine and oil.
Joel 3:2	I will also gather all nations, and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat, and will plead with them there for my people and for my heritage Israel, whom they have scattered among the nations, and parted my land.
Joel 3:12	Let the heathen be wakened, and come up to the valley of Jehoshaphat: for there will I sit to judge all the heathen round about.
Amos 1:1	The words of Amos, who was among the herdmen of Tekoa, which he saw concerning Israel in the days of Uzziah king of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam the son of Joash king of Israel, two years before the earthquake.
Amos 1:11	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Edom, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because he did pursue his brother with the sword, and did cast off all pity, and his anger did tear perpetually, and he kept his wrath for ever:
Amos 2:6	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Israel, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they sold the righteous for silver, and the poor for a pair of shoes;
Amos 2:16	And he that is courageous among the mighty shall flee away naked in that day, saith the LORD.
Amos 3:10	For they know not to do right, saith the LORD, who store up violence and robbery in their palaces.
Amos 4:5	And offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving with leaven, and proclaim and publish the free offerings: for this liketh you, O ye children of Israel, saith the Lord GOD.
Amos 5:2	The virgin of Israel is fallen; she shall no more rise: she is forsaken upon her land; there is none to raise her up.
Amos 5:12	For I know your manifold transgressions and your mighty sins: they afflict the just, they take a bribe, and they turn aside the poor in the gate from their right.
Amos 5:22	Though ye offer me burnt offerings and your meat offerings, I will not accept them: neither will I regard the peace offerings of your fat beasts.
Amos 6:5	That chant to the sound of the viol, and invent to themselves instruments of musick, like David;
Amos 7:1	Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me; and, behold, he formed grasshoppers in the beginning of the shooting up of the latter growth; and, lo, it was the latter growth after the king's mowings.
Amos 7:11	For thus Amos saith, Jeroboam shall die by the sword, and Israel shall surely be led away captive out of their own land.
Amos 8:4	Hear this, O ye that swallow up the needy, even to make the poor of the land to fail,
Amos 8:14	They that swear by the sin of Samaria, and say, Thy god, O Dan, liveth; and, The manner of Beersheba liveth; even they shall fall, and never rise up again.
Amos 9:10	All the sinners of my people shall die by the sword, which say, The evil shall not overtake nor prevent us.
Obadiah 1:5	If thieves came to thee, if robbers by night, (how art thou cut off!) would they not have stolen till they had enough? if the grapegatherers came to thee, would they not leave some grapes?
Obadiah 1:15	For the day of the LORD is near upon all the heathen: as thou hast done, it shall be done unto thee: thy reward shall return upon thine own head.
Jonah 1:4	But the LORD sent out a great wind into the sea, and there was a mighty tempest in the sea, so that the ship was like to be broken.
Jonah 1:14	Wherefore they cried unto the LORD, and said, We beseech thee, O LORD, we beseech thee, let us not perish for this man's life, and lay not upon us innocent blood: for thou, O LORD, hast done as it pleased thee.
Jonah 2:7	When my soul fainted within me I remembered the LORD: and my prayer came in unto thee, into thine holy temple.
Jonah 3:7	And he caused it to be proclaimed and published through Nineveh by the decree of the king and his nobles, saying, Let neither man nor beast, herd nor flock, taste any thing: let them not feed, nor drink water:
Jonah 4:7	But God prepared a worm when the morning rose the next day, and it smote the gourd that it withered.
Micah 1:6	Therefore I will make Samaria as an heap of the field, and as plantings of a vineyard: and I will pour down the stones thereof into the valley, and I will discover the foundations thereof.
Micah 1:16	Make thee bald, and poll thee for thy delicate children; enlarge thy baldness as the eagle; for they are gone into captivity from thee.
Micah 2:10	Arise ye, and depart; for this is not your rest: because it is polluted, it shall destroy you, even with a sore destruction.
Micah 3:7	Then shall the seers be ashamed, and the diviners confounded: yea, they shall all cover their lips; for there is no answer of God.
Micah 4:5	For all people will walk every one in the name of his god, and we will walk in the name of the LORD our God for ever and ever.
Micah 5:2	But thou, Bethlehem Ephratah, though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings forth have been from of old, from everlasting.
Micah 5:12	And I will cut off witchcrafts out of thine hand; and thou shalt have no more soothsayers:
Micah 6:7	Will the LORD be pleased with thousands of rams, or with ten thousands of rivers of oil? shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul?
Micah 7:1	Woe is me! for I am as when they have gathered the summer fruits, as the grapegleanings of the vintage: there is no cluster to eat: my soul desired the firstripe fruit.
Micah 7:11	In the day that thy walls are to be built, in that day shall the decree be far removed.
Nahum 1:1	The burden of Nineveh. The book of the vision of Nahum the Elkoshite.
Nahum 1:11	There is one come out of thee, that imagineth evil against the LORD, a wicked counsellor.
Nahum 2:6	The gates of the rivers shall be opened, and the palace shall be dissolved.
Nahum 3:3	The horseman lifteth up both the bright sword and the glittering spear: and there is a multitude of slain, and a great number of carcases; and there is none end of their corpses; they stumble upon their corpses:
Nahum 3:13	Behold, thy people in the midst of thee are women: the gates of thy land shall be set wide open unto thine enemies: the fire shall devour thy bars.
Habakkuk 1:4	Therefore the law is slacked, and judgment doth never go forth: for the wicked doth compass about the righteous; therefore wrong judgment proceedeth.
Habakkuk 1:14	And makest men as the fishes of the sea, as the creeping things, that have no ruler over them?
Habakkuk 2:7	Shall they not rise up suddenly that shall bite thee, and awake that shall vex thee, and thou shalt be for booties unto them?
Habakkuk 2:17	For the violence of Lebanon shall cover thee, and the spoil of beasts, which made them afraid, because of men's blood, and for the violence of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein.
Habakkuk 3:7	I saw the tents of Cushan in affliction: and the curtains of the land of Midian did tremble.
Habakkuk 3:17	Although the fig tree shall not blossom, neither shall fruit be in the vines; the labour of the olive shall fail, and the fields shall yield no meat; the flock shall be cut off from the fold, and there shall be no herd in the stalls:
Zephaniah 1:8	And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORD's sacrifice, that I will punish the princes, and the king's children, and all such as are clothed with strange apparel.
Zephaniah 1:18	Neither their silver nor their gold shall be able to deliver them in the day of the LORD's wrath; but the whole land shall be devoured by the fire of his jealousy: for he shall make even a speedy riddance of all them that dwell in the land.
Zephaniah 2:10	This shall they have for their pride, because they have reproached and magnified themselves against the people of the LORD of hosts.
Zephaniah 3:5	The just LORD is in the midst thereof; he will not do iniquity: every morning doth he bring his judgment to light, he faileth not; but the unjust knoweth no shame.
Zephaniah 3:15	The LORD hath taken away thy judgments, he hath cast out thine enemy: the king of Israel, even the LORD, is in the midst of thee: thou shalt not see evil any more.
Haggai 1:5	Now therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways.
Haggai 1:15	In the four and twentieth day of the sixth month, in the second year of Darius the king.
Haggai 2:10	In the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet, saying,
Haggai 2:20	And again the word of the LORD came unto Haggai in the four and twentieth day of the month, saying,
Zechariah 1:7	Upon the four and twentieth day of the eleventh month, which is the month Sebat, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD unto Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, saying,
Zechariah 1:17	Cry yet, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; My cities through prosperity shall yet be spread abroad; and the LORD shall yet comfort Zion, and shall yet choose Jerusalem.
Zechariah 2:6	Ho, ho, come forth, and flee from the land of the north, saith the LORD: for I have spread you abroad as the four winds of the heaven, saith the LORD.
Zechariah 3:3	Now Joshua was clothed with filthy garments, and stood before the angel.
Zechariah 4:3	And two olive trees by it, one upon the right side of the bowl, and the other upon the left side thereof.
Zechariah 4:13	And he answered me and said, Knowest thou not what these be? And I said, No, my lord.
Zechariah 5:9	Then lifted I up mine eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came out two women, and the wind was in their wings; for they had wings like the wings of a stork: and they lifted up the ephah between the earth and the heaven.
Zechariah 6:8	Then cried he upon me, and spake unto me, saying, Behold, these that go toward the north country have quieted my spirit in the north country.
Zechariah 7:3	And to speak unto the priests which were in the house of the LORD of hosts, and to the prophets, saying, Should I weep in the fifth month, separating myself, as I have done these so many years?
Zechariah 7:13	Therefore it is come to pass, that as he cried, and they would not hear; so they cried, and I would not hear, saith the LORD of hosts:
Zechariah 8:9	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Let your hands be strong, ye that hear in these days these words by the mouth of the prophets, which were in the day that the foundation of the house of the LORD of hosts was laid, that the temple might be built.
Zechariah 8:19	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; The fast of the fourth month, and the fast of the fifth, and the fast of the seventh, and the fast of the tenth, shall be to the house of Judah joy and gladness, and cheerful feasts; therefore love the truth and peace.
Zechariah 9:6	And a bastard shall dwell in Ashdod, and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines.
Zechariah 9:16	And the LORD their God shall save them in that day as the flock of his people: for they shall be as the stones of a crown, lifted up as an ensign upon his land.
Zechariah 10:9	And I will sow them among the people: and they shall remember me in far countries; and they shall live with their children, and turn again.
Zechariah 11:7	And I will feed the flock of slaughter, even you, O poor of the flock. And I took unto me two staves; the one I called Beauty, and the other I called Bands; and I fed the flock.
Zechariah 11:17	Woe to the idol shepherd that leaveth the flock! the sword shall be upon his arm, and upon his right eye: his arm shall be clean dried up, and his right eye shall be utterly darkened.
Zechariah 12:10	And I will pour upon the house of David, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of supplications: and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for him, as one mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn.
Zechariah 13:6	And one shall say unto him, What are these wounds in thine hands? Then he shall answer, Those with which I was wounded in the house of my friends.
Zechariah 14:7	But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.
Zechariah 14:17	And it shall be, that whoso will not come up of all the families of the earth unto Jerusalem to worship the King, the LORD of hosts, even upon them shall be no rain.
Malachi 1:6	A son honoureth his father, and a servant his master: if then I be a father, where is mine honour? and if I be a master, where is my fear? saith the LORD of hosts unto you, O priests, that despise my name. And ye say, Wherein have we despised thy name?
Malachi 2:2	If ye will not hear, and if ye will not lay it to heart, to give glory unto my name, saith the LORD of hosts, I will even send a curse upon you, and I will curse your blessings: yea, I have cursed them already, because ye do not lay it to heart.
Malachi 2:12	The LORD will cut off the man that doeth this, the master and the scholar, out of the tabernacles of Jacob, and him that offereth an offering unto the LORD of hosts.
Malachi 3:5	And I will come near to you to judgment; and I will be a swift witness against the sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and against false swearers, and against those that oppress the hireling in his wages, the widow, and the fatherless, and that turn aside the stranger from his right, and fear not me, saith the LORD of hosts.
Malachi 3:15	And now we call the proud happy; yea, they that work wickedness are set up; yea, they that tempt God are even delivered.
Matthew 1:1	The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.
Matthew 1:11	And Josias begat Jechonias and his brethren, about the time they were carried away to Babylon:
Matthew 1:21	And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins.
Matthew 2:6	And thou Bethlehem, in the land of Juda, art not the least among the princes of Juda: for out of thee shall come a Governor, that shall rule my people Israel.
Matthew 2:16	Then Herod, when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men, was exceeding wroth, and sent forth, and slew all the children that were in Bethlehem, and in all the coasts thereof, from two years old and under, according to the time which he had diligently enquired of the wise men.
Matthew 3:3	For this is he that was spoken of by the prophet Esaias, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.
Matthew 3:13	Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him.
Matthew 4:6	And saith unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down: for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.
Matthew 4:16	The people which sat in darkness saw great light; and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death light is sprung up.
Matthew 5:1	And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain: and when he was set, his disciples came unto him:
Matthew 5:11	Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.
Matthew 5:21	Ye have heard that it was said of them of old time, Thou shalt not kill; and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment:
Matthew 5:31	It hath been said, Whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorcement:
Matthew 5:41	And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain.
Matthew 6:3	But when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth:
Matthew 6:13	And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. Amen.
Matthew 6:23	But if thine eye be evil, thy whole body shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness!
Matthew 6:33	But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.
Matthew 7:9	Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he give him a stone?
Matthew 7:19	Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.
Matthew 7:29	For he taught them as one having authority, and not as the scribes.
Matthew 8:10	When Jesus heard it, he marvelled, and said to them that followed, Verily I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, no, not in Israel.
Matthew 8:20	And Jesus saith unto him, The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.
Matthew 8:30	And there was a good way off from them an herd of many swine feeding.
Matthew 9:6	But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins, (then saith he to the sick of the palsy,) Arise, take up thy bed, and go unto thine house.
Matthew 9:16	No man putteth a piece of new cloth unto an old garment, for that which is put in to fill it up taketh from the garment, and the rent is made worse.
Matthew 9:26	And the fame hereof went abroad into all that land.
Matthew 9:36	But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them, because they fainted, and were scattered abroad, as sheep having no shepherd.
Matthew 10:8	Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give.
Matthew 10:18	And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gentiles.
Matthew 10:28	And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell.
Matthew 10:38	And he that taketh not his cross, and followeth after me, is not worthy of me.
Matthew 11:6	And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me.
Matthew 11:16	But whereunto shall I liken this generation? It is like unto children sitting in the markets, and calling unto their fellows,
Matthew 11:26	Even so, Father: for so it seemed good in thy sight.
Matthew 12:6	But I say unto you, That in this place is one greater than the temple.
Matthew 12:16	And charged them that they should not make him known:
Matthew 12:26	And if Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself; how shall then his kingdom stand?
Matthew 12:36	But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment.
Matthew 12:46	While he yet talked to the people, behold, his mother and his brethren stood without, desiring to speak with him.
Matthew 13:6	And when the sun was up, they were scorched; and because they had no root, they withered away.
Matthew 13:16	But blessed are your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear.
Matthew 13:26	But when the blade was sprung up, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares also.
Matthew 13:36	Then Jesus sent the multitude away, and went into the house: and his disciples came unto him, saying, Declare unto us the parable of the tares of the field.
Matthew 13:46	Who, when he had found one pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had, and bought it.
Matthew 13:56	And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then hath this man all these things?
Matthew 14:8	And she, being before instructed of her mother, said, Give me here John Baptist's head in a charger.
Matthew 14:18	He said, Bring them hither to me.
Matthew 14:28	And Peter answered him and said, Lord, if it be thou, bid me come unto thee on the water.
Matthew 15:2	Why do thy disciples transgress the tradition of the elders? for they wash not their hands when they eat bread.
Matthew 15:12	Then came his disciples, and said unto him, Knowest thou that the Pharisees were offended, after they heard this saying?
Matthew 15:22	And, behold, a woman of Canaan came out of the same coasts, and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou son of David; my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil.
Matthew 15:32	Then Jesus called his disciples unto him, and said, I have compassion on the multitude, because they continue with me now three days, and have nothing to eat: and I will not send them away fasting, lest they faint in the way.
Matthew 16:3	And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky is red and lowering. O ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky; but can ye not discern the signs of the times?
Matthew 16:13	When Jesus came into the coasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men say that I the Son of man am?
Matthew 16:23	But he turned, and said unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan: thou art an offence unto me: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but those that be of men.
Matthew 17:5	While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them: and behold a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye him.
Matthew 17:15	Lord, have mercy on my son: for he is lunatick, and sore vexed: for ofttimes he falleth into the fire, and oft into the water.
Matthew 17:25	He saith, Yes. And when he was come into the house, Jesus prevented him, saying, What thinkest thou, Simon? of whom do the kings of the earth take custom or tribute? of their own children, or of strangers?
Matthew 18:8	Wherefore if thy hand or thy foot offend thee, cut them off, and cast them from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life halt or maimed, rather than having two hands or two feet to be cast into everlasting fire.
Matthew 18:18	Verily I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.
Matthew 18:28	But the same servant went out, and found one of his fellowservants, which owed him an hundred pence: and he laid hands on him, and took him by the throat, saying, Pay me that thou owest.
Matthew 19:3	The Pharisees also came unto him, tempting him, and saying unto him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause?
Matthew 19:13	Then were there brought unto him little children, that he should put his hands on them, and pray: and the disciples rebuked them.
Matthew 19:23	Then said Jesus unto his disciples, Verily I say unto you, That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 20:3	And he went out about the third hour, and saw others standing idle in the marketplace,
Matthew 20:13	But he answered one of them, and said, Friend, I do thee no wrong: didst not thou agree with me for a penny?
Matthew 20:23	And he saith unto them, Ye shall drink indeed of my cup, and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with: but to sit on my right hand, and on my left, is not mine to give, but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my Father.
Matthew 20:33	They say unto him, Lord, that our eyes may be opened.
Matthew 21:9	And the multitudes that went before, and that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna to the son of David: Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord; Hosanna in the highest.
Matthew 21:19	And when he saw a fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said unto it, Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever. And presently the fig tree withered away.
Matthew 21:29	He answered and said, I will not: but afterward he repented, and went.
Matthew 21:39	And they caught him, and cast him out of the vineyard, and slew him.
Matthew 22:3	And sent forth his servants to call them that were bidden to the wedding: and they would not come.
Matthew 22:13	Then said the king to the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take him away, and cast him into outer darkness, there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Matthew 22:23	The same day came to him the Sadducees, which say that there is no resurrection, and asked him,
Matthew 22:33	And when the multitude heard this, they were astonished at his doctrine.
Matthew 22:43	He saith unto them, How then doth David in spirit call him Lord, saying,
Matthew 23:7	And greetings in the markets, and to be called of men, Rabbi, Rabbi.
Matthew 23:17	Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gold, or the temple that sanctifieth the gold?
Matthew 23:27	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all uncleanness.
Matthew 23:37	O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not!
Matthew 24:8	All these are the beginning of sorrows.
Matthew 24:18	Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes.
Matthew 24:28	For wheresoever the carcase is, there will the eagles be gathered together.
Matthew 24:38	For as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark,
Matthew 24:48	But and if that evil servant shall say in his heart, My lord delayeth his coming;
Matthew 25:7	Then all those virgins arose, and trimmed their lamps.
Matthew 25:17	And likewise he that had received two, he also gained other two.
Matthew 25:27	Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, and then at my coming I should have received mine own with usury.
Matthew 25:37	Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink?
Matthew 26:1	And it came to pass, when Jesus had finished all these sayings, he said unto his disciples,
Matthew 26:11	For ye have the poor always with you; but me ye have not always.
Matthew 26:21	And as they did eat, he said, Verily I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.
Matthew 26:31	Then saith Jesus unto them, All ye shall be offended because of me this night: for it is written, I will smite the shepherd, and the sheep of the flock shall be scattered abroad.
Matthew 26:41	Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.
Matthew 26:51	And, behold, one of them which were with Jesus stretched out his hand, and drew his sword, and struck a servant of the high priest's, and smote off his ear.
Matthew 26:61	And said, This fellow said, I am able to destroy the temple of God, and to build it in three days.
Matthew 26:71	And when he was gone out into the porch, another maid saw him, and said unto them that were there, This fellow was also with Jesus of Nazareth.
Matthew 27:6	And the chief priests took the silver pieces, and said, It is not lawful for to put them into the treasury, because it is the price of blood.
Matthew 27:16	And they had then a notable prisoner, called Barabbas.
Matthew 27:26	Then released he Barabbas unto them: and when he had scourged Jesus, he delivered him to be crucified.
Matthew 27:36	And sitting down they watched him there;
Matthew 27:46	And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?
Matthew 27:56	Among which was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James and Joses, and the mother of Zebedees children.
Matthew 27:66	So they went, and made the sepulchre sure, sealing the stone, and setting a watch.
Matthew 28:10	Then said Jesus unto them, Be not afraid: go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me.
Matthew 28:20	Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.
Mark 1:10	And straightway coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens opened, and the Spirit like a dove descending upon him:
Mark 1:20	And straightway he called them: and they left their father Zebedee in the ship with the hired servants, and went after him.
Mark 1:30	But Simon's wife's mother lay sick of a fever, and anon they tell him of her.
Mark 1:40	And there came a leper to him, beseeching him, and kneeling down to him, and saying unto him, If thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.
Mark 2:5	When Jesus saw their faith, he said unto the sick of the palsy, Son, thy sins be forgiven thee.
Mark 2:15	And it came to pass, that, as Jesus sat at meat in his house, many publicans and sinners sat also together with Jesus and his disciples: for there were many, and they followed him.
Mark 2:25	And he said unto them, Have ye never read what David did, when he had need, and was an hungred, he, and they that were with him?
Mark 3:7	But Jesus withdrew himself with his disciples to the sea: and a great multitude from Galilee followed him, and from Judaea,
Mark 3:17	And James the son of Zebedee, and John the brother of James; and he surnamed them Boanerges, which is, The sons of thunder:
Mark 3:27	No man can enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except he will first bind the strong man; and then he will spoil his house.
Mark 4:2	And he taught them many things by parables, and said unto them in his doctrine,
Mark 4:12	That seeing they may see, and not perceive; and hearing they may hear, and not understand; lest at any time they should be converted, and their sins should be forgiven them.
Mark 4:22	For there is nothing hid, which shall not be manifested; neither was any thing kept secret, but that it should come abroad.
Mark 4:32	But when it is sown, it groweth up, and becometh greater than all herbs, and shooteth out great branches; so that the fowls of the air may lodge under the shadow of it.
Mark 5:1	And they came over unto the other side of the sea, into the country of the Gadarenes.
Mark 5:11	Now there was there nigh unto the mountains a great herd of swine feeding.
Mark 5:21	And when Jesus was passed over again by ship unto the other side, much people gathered unto him: and he was nigh unto the sea.
Mark 5:31	And his disciples said unto him, Thou seest the multitude thronging thee, and sayest thou, Who touched me?
Mark 5:41	And he took the damsel by the hand, and said unto her, Talitha cumi; which is, being interpreted, Damsel, I say unto thee, arise.
Mark 6:8	And commanded them that they should take nothing for their journey, save a staff only; no scrip, no bread, no money in their purse:
Mark 6:18	For John had said unto Herod, It is not lawful for thee to have thy brother's wife.
Mark 6:28	And brought his head in a charger, and gave it to the damsel: and the damsel gave it to her mother.
Mark 6:38	He saith unto them, How many loaves have ye? go and see. And when they knew, they say, Five, and two fishes.
Mark 6:48	And he saw them toiling in rowing; for the wind was contrary unto them: and about the fourth watch of the night he cometh unto them, walking upon the sea, and would have passed by them.
Mark 7:2	And when they saw some of his disciples eat bread with defiled, that is to say, with unwashen, hands, they found fault.
Mark 7:12	And ye suffer him no more to do ought for his father or his mother;
Mark 7:22	Thefts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit, lasciviousness, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness:
Mark 7:32	And they bring unto him one that was deaf, and had an impediment in his speech; and they beseech him to put his hand upon him.
Mark 8:5	And he asked them, How many loaves have ye? And they said, Seven.
Mark 8:15	And he charged them, saying, Take heed, beware of the leaven of the Pharisees, and of the leaven of Herod.
Mark 8:25	After that he put his hands again upon his eyes, and made him look up: and he was restored, and saw every man clearly.
Mark 8:35	For whosoever will save his life shall lose it; but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel's, the same shall save it.
Mark 9:7	And there was a cloud that overshadowed them: and a voice came out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.
Mark 9:17	And one of the multitude answered and said, Master, I have brought unto thee my son, which hath a dumb spirit;
Mark 9:27	But Jesus took him by the hand, and lifted him up; and he arose.
Mark 9:37	Whosoever shall receive one of such children in my name, receiveth me: and whosoever shall receive me, receiveth not me, but him that sent me.
Mark 9:47	And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out: it is better for thee to enter into the kingdom of God with one eye, than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire:
Mark 10:7	For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and cleave to his wife;
Mark 10:17	And when he was gone forth into the way, there came one running, and kneeled to him, and asked him, Good Master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?
Mark 10:27	And Jesus looking upon them saith, With men it is impossible, but not with God: for with God all things are possible.
Mark 10:37	They said unto him, Grant unto us that we may sit, one on thy right hand, and the other on thy left hand, in thy glory.
Mark 10:47	And when he heard that it was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out, and say, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.
Mark 11:5	And certain of them that stood there said unto them, What do ye, loosing the colt?
Mark 11:15	And they come to Jerusalem: and Jesus went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, and the seats of them that sold doves;
Mark 11:25	And when ye stand praying, forgive, if ye have ought against any: that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses.
Mark 12:2	And at the season he sent to the husbandmen a servant, that he might receive from the husbandmen of the fruit of the vineyard.
Mark 12:12	And they sought to lay hold on him, but feared the people: for they knew that he had spoken the parable against them: and they left him, and went their way.
Mark 12:22	And the seven had her, and left no seed: last of all the woman died also.
Mark 12:32	And the scribe said unto him, Well, Master, thou hast said the truth: for there is one God; and there is none other but he:
Mark 12:42	And there came a certain poor widow, and she threw in two mites, which make a farthing.
Mark 13:8	For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be earthquakes in divers places, and there shall be famines and troubles: these are the beginnings of sorrows.
Mark 13:18	And pray ye that your flight be not in the winter.
Mark 13:28	Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When her branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is near:
Mark 14:1	After two days was the feast of the passover, and of unleavened bread: and the chief priests and the scribes sought how they might take him by craft, and put him to death.
Mark 14:11	And when they heard it, they were glad, and promised to give him money. And he sought how he might conveniently betray him.
Mark 14:21	The Son of man indeed goeth, as it is written of him: but woe to that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed! good were it for that man if he had never been born.
Mark 14:31	But he spake the more vehemently, If I should die with thee, I will not deny thee in any wise. Likewise also said they all.
Mark 14:41	And he cometh the third time, and saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: it is enough, the hour is come; behold, the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners.
Mark 14:51	And there followed him a certain young man, having a linen cloth cast about his naked body; and the young men laid hold on him:
Mark 14:61	But he held his peace, and answered nothing. Again the high priest asked him, and said unto him, Art thou the Christ, the Son of the Blessed?
Mark 14:71	But he began to curse and to swear, saying, I know not this man of whom ye speak.
Mark 15:9	But Pilate answered them, saying, Will ye that I release unto you the King of the Jews?
Mark 15:19	And they smote him on the head with a reed, and did spit upon him, and bowing their knees worshipped him.
Mark 15:29	And they that passed by railed on him, wagging their heads, and saying, Ah, thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days,
Mark 15:39	And when the centurion, which stood over against him, saw that he so cried out, and gave up the ghost, he said, Truly this man was the Son of God.
Mark 16:2	And very early in the morning the first day of the week, they came unto the sepulchre at the rising of the sun.
Mark 16:12	After that he appeared in another form unto two of them, as they walked, and went into the country.
Luke 1:2	Even as they delivered them unto us, which from the beginning were eyewitnesses, and ministers of the word;
Luke 1:12	And when Zacharias saw him, he was troubled, and fear fell upon him.
Luke 1:22	And when he came out, he could not speak unto them: and they perceived that he had seen a vision in the temple: for he beckoned unto them, and remained speechless.
Luke 1:32	He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David:
Luke 1:42	And she spake out with a loud voice, and said, Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb.
Luke 1:52	He hath put down the mighty from their seats, and exalted them of low degree.
Luke 1:62	And they made signs to his father, how he would have him called.
Luke 1:72	To perform the mercy promised to our fathers, and to remember his holy covenant;
Luke 2:2	(And this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.)
Luke 2:12	And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger.
Luke 2:22	And when the days of her purification according to the law of Moses were accomplished, they brought him to Jerusalem, to present him to the Lord;
Luke 2:32	A light to lighten the Gentiles, and the glory of thy people Israel.
Luke 2:42	And when he was twelve years old, they went up to Jerusalem after the custom of the feast.
Luke 2:52	And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favour with God and man.
Luke 3:10	And the people asked him, saying, What shall we do then?
Luke 3:20	Added yet this above all, that he shut up John in prison.
Luke 3:30	Which was the son of Simeon, which was the son of Juda, which was the son of Joseph, which was the son of Jonan, which was the son of Eliakim,
Luke 4:2	Being forty days tempted of the devil. And in those days he did eat nothing: and when they were ended, he afterward hungered.
Luke 4:12	And Jesus answering said unto him, It is said, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.
Luke 4:22	And all bare him witness, and wondered at the gracious words which proceeded out of his mouth. And they said, Is not this Joseph's son?
Luke 4:32	And they were astonished at his doctrine: for his word was with power.
Luke 4:42	And when it was day, he departed and went into a desert place: and the people sought him, and came unto him, and stayed him, that he should not depart from them.
Luke 5:8	When Simon Peter saw it, he fell down at Jesus' knees, saying, Depart from me; for I am a sinful man, O Lord.
Luke 5:18	And, behold, men brought in a bed a man which was taken with a palsy: and they sought means to bring him in, and to lay him before him.
Luke 5:28	And he left all, rose up, and followed him.
Luke 5:38	But new wine must be put into new bottles; and both are preserved.
Luke 6:9	Then said Jesus unto them, I will ask you one thing; Is it lawful on the sabbath days to do good, or to do evil? to save life, or to destroy it?
Luke 6:19	And the whole multitude sought to touch him: for there went virtue out of him, and healed them all.
Luke 6:29	And unto him that smiteth thee on the one cheek offer also the other; and him that taketh away thy cloak forbid not to take thy coat also.
Luke 6:39	And he spake a parable unto them, Can the blind lead the blind? shall they not both fall into the ditch?
Luke 6:49	But he that heareth, and doeth not, is like a man that without a foundation built an house upon the earth; against which the stream did beat vehemently, and immediately it fell; and the ruin of that house was great.
Luke 7:10	And they that were sent, returning to the house, found the servant whole that had been sick.
Luke 7:20	When the men were come unto him, they said, John Baptist hath sent us unto thee, saying, Art thou he that should come? or look we for another?
Luke 7:30	But the Pharisees and lawyers rejected the counsel of God against themselves, being not baptized of him.
Luke 7:40	And Jesus answering said unto him, Simon, I have somewhat to say unto thee. And he saith, Master, say on.
Luke 7:50	And he said to the woman, Thy faith hath saved thee; go in peace.
Luke 8:10	And he said, Unto you it is given to know the mysteries of the kingdom of God: but to others in parables; that seeing they might not see, and hearing they might not understand.
Luke 8:20	And it was told him by certain which said, Thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to see thee.
Luke 8:30	And Jesus asked him, saying, What is thy name? And he said, Legion: because many devils were entered into him.
Luke 8:40	And it came to pass, that, when Jesus was returned, the people gladly received him: for they were all waiting for him.
Luke 8:50	But when Jesus heard it, he answered him, saying, Fear not: believe only, and she shall be made whole.
Luke 9:4	And whatsoever house ye enter into, there abide, and thence depart.
Luke 9:14	For they were about five thousand men. And he said to his disciples, Make them sit down by fifties in a company.
Luke 9:24	For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: but whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it.
Luke 9:34	While he thus spake, there came a cloud, and overshadowed them: and they feared as they entered into the cloud.
Luke 9:44	Let these sayings sink down into your ears: for the Son of man shall be delivered into the hands of men.
Luke 9:54	And when his disciples James and John saw this, they said, Lord, wilt thou that we command fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did?
Luke 10:2	Therefore said he unto them, The harvest truly is great, but the labourers are few: pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he would send forth labourers into his harvest.
Luke 10:12	But I say unto you, that it shall be more tolerable in that day for Sodom, than for that city.
Luke 10:22	All things are delivered to me of my Father: and no man knoweth who the Son is, but the Father; and who the Father is, but the Son, and he to whom the Son will reveal him.
Luke 10:32	And likewise a Levite, when he was at the place, came and looked on him, and passed by on the other side.
Luke 10:42	But one thing is needful: and Mary hath chosen that good part, which shall not be taken away from her.
Luke 11:10	For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.
Luke 11:20	But if I with the finger of God cast out devils, no doubt the kingdom of God is come upon you.
Luke 11:30	For as Jonas was a sign unto the Ninevites, so shall also the Son of man be to this generation.
Luke 11:40	Ye fools, did not he that made that which is without make that which is within also?
Luke 11:50	That the blood of all the prophets, which was shed from the foundation of the world, may be required of this generation;
Luke 12:6	Are not five sparrows sold for two farthings, and not one of them is forgotten before God?
Luke 12:16	And he spake a parable unto them, saying, The ground of a certain rich man brought forth plentifully:
Luke 12:26	If ye then be not able to do that thing which is least, why take ye thought for the rest?
Luke 12:36	And ye yourselves like unto men that wait for their lord, when he will return from the wedding; that when he cometh and knocketh, they may open unto him immediately.
Luke 12:46	The lord of that servant will come in a day when he looketh not for him, and at an hour when he is not aware, and will cut him in sunder, and will appoint him his portion with the unbelievers.
Luke 12:56	Ye hypocrites, ye can discern the face of the sky and of the earth; but how is it that ye do not discern this time?
Luke 13:7	Then said he unto the dresser of his vineyard, Behold, these three years I come seeking fruit on this fig tree, and find none: cut it down; why cumbereth it the ground?
Luke 13:17	And when he had said these things, all his adversaries were ashamed: and all the people rejoiced for all the glorious things that were done by him.
Luke 13:27	But he shall say, I tell you, I know you not whence ye are; depart from me, all ye workers of iniquity.
Luke 14:2	And, behold, there was a certain man before him which had the dropsy.
Luke 14:12	Then said he also to him that bade him, When thou makest a dinner or a supper, call not thy friends, nor thy brethren, neither thy kinsmen, nor thy rich neighbours; lest they also bid thee again, and a recompence be made thee.
Luke 14:22	And the servant said, Lord, it is done as thou hast commanded, and yet there is room.
Luke 14:32	Or else, while the other is yet a great way off, he sendeth an ambassage, and desireth conditions of peace.
Luke 15:7	I say unto you, that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth, more than over ninety and nine just persons, which need no repentance.
Luke 15:17	And when he came to himself, he said, How many hired servants of my father's have bread enough and to spare, and I perish with hunger!
Luke 15:27	And he said unto him, Thy brother is come; and thy father hath killed the fatted calf, because he hath received him safe and sound.
Luke 16:5	So he called every one of his lord's debtors unto him, and said unto the first, How much owest thou unto my lord?
Luke 16:15	And he said unto them, Ye are they which justify yourselves before men; but God knoweth your hearts: for that which is highly esteemed among men is abomination in the sight of God.
Luke 16:25	But Abraham said, Son, remember that thou in thy lifetime receivedst thy good things, and likewise Lazarus evil things: but now he is comforted, and thou art tormented.
Luke 17:4	And if he trespass against thee seven times in a day, and seven times in a day turn again to thee, saying, I repent; thou shalt forgive him.
Luke 17:14	And when he saw them, he said unto them, Go shew yourselves unto the priests. And it came to pass, that, as they went, they were cleansed.
Luke 17:24	For as the lightning, that lighteneth out of the one part under heaven, shineth unto the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day.
Luke 17:34	I tell you, in that night there shall be two men in one bed; the one shall be taken, and the other shall be left.
Luke 18:7	And shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him, though he bear long with them?
Luke 18:17	Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child shall in no wise enter therein.
Luke 18:27	And he said, The things which are impossible with men are possible with God.
Luke 18:37	And they told him, that Jesus of Nazareth passeth by.
Luke 19:4	And he ran before, and climbed up into a sycomore tree to see him: for he was to pass that way.
Luke 19:14	But his citizens hated him, and sent a message after him, saying, We will not have this man to reign over us.
Luke 19:24	And he said unto them that stood by, Take from him the pound, and give it to him that hath ten pounds.
Luke 19:34	And they said, The Lord hath need of him.
Luke 19:44	And shall lay thee even with the ground, and thy children within thee; and they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another; because thou knewest not the time of thy visitation.
Luke 20:6	But and if we say, Of men; all the people will stone us: for they be persuaded that John was a prophet.
Luke 20:16	He shall come and destroy these husbandmen, and shall give the vineyard to others. And when they heard it, they said, God forbid.
Luke 20:26	And they could not take hold of his words before the people: and they marvelled at his answer, and held their peace.
Luke 20:36	Neither can they die any more: for they are equal unto the angels; and are the children of God, being the children of the resurrection.
Luke 20:46	Beware of the scribes, which desire to walk in long robes, and love greetings in the markets, and the highest seats in the synagogues, and the chief rooms at feasts;
Luke 21:9	But when ye shall hear of wars and commotions, be not terrified: for these things must first come to pass; but the end is not by and by.
Luke 21:19	In your patience possess ye your souls.
Luke 21:29	And he spake to them a parable; Behold the fig tree, and all the trees;
Luke 22:1	Now the feast of unleavened bread drew nigh, which is called the Passover.
Luke 22:11	And ye shall say unto the goodman of the house, The Master saith unto thee, Where is the guestchamber, where I shall eat the passover with my disciples?
Luke 22:21	But, behold, the hand of him that betrayeth me is with me on the table.
Luke 22:31	And the Lord said, Simon, Simon, behold, Satan hath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat:
Luke 22:41	And he was withdrawn from them about a stone's cast, and kneeled down, and prayed,
Luke 22:51	And Jesus answered and said, Suffer ye thus far. And he touched his ear, and healed him.
Luke 22:61	And the Lord turned, and looked upon Peter. And Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.
Luke 22:71	And they said, What need we any further witness? for we ourselves have heard of his own mouth.
Luke 23:10	And the chief priests and scribes stood and vehemently accused him.
Luke 23:20	Pilate therefore, willing to release Jesus, spake again to them.
Luke 23:30	Then shall they begin to say to the mountains, Fall on us; and to the hills, Cover us.
Luke 23:40	But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Dost not thou fear God, seeing thou art in the same condemnation?
Luke 23:50	And, behold, there was a man named Joseph, a counsellor; and he was a good man, and a just:
Luke 24:4	And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two men stood by them in shining garments:
Luke 24:14	And they talked together of all these things which had happened.
Luke 24:24	And certain of them which were with us went to the sepulchre, and found it even so as the women had said: but him they saw not.
Luke 24:34	Saying, The Lord is risen indeed, and hath appeared to Simon.
Luke 24:44	And he said unto them, These are the words which I spake unto you, while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled, which were written in the law of Moses, and in the prophets, and in the psalms, concerning me.
John 1:1	In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
John 1:11	He came unto his own, and his own received him not.
John 1:21	And they asked him, What then? Art thou Elias? And he saith, I am not. Art thou that prophet? And he answered, No.
John 1:31	And I knew him not: but that he should be made manifest to Israel, therefore am I come baptizing with water.
John 1:41	He first findeth his own brother Simon, and saith unto him, We have found the Messias, which is, being interpreted, the Christ.
John 1:51	And he saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hereafter ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man.
John 2:10	And saith unto him, Every man at the beginning doth set forth good wine; and when men have well drunk, then that which is worse: but thou hast kept the good wine until now.
John 2:20	Then said the Jews, Forty and six years was this temple in building, and wilt thou rear it up in three days?
John 3:5	Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
John 3:15	That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.
John 3:25	Then there arose a question between some of John's disciples and the Jews about purifying.
John 3:35	The Father loveth the Son, and hath given all things into his hand.
John 4:9	Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans.
John 4:19	The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet.
John 4:29	Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ?
John 4:39	And many of the Samaritans of that city believed on him for the saying of the woman, which testified, He told me all that ever I did.
John 4:49	The nobleman saith unto him, Sir, come down ere my child die.
John 5:5	And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years.
John 5:15	The man departed, and told the Jews that it was Jesus, which had made him whole.
John 5:25	Verily, verily, I say unto you, The hour is coming, and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God: and they that hear shall live.
John 5:35	He was a burning and a shining light: and ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light.
John 5:45	Do not think that I will accuse you to the Father: there is one that accuseth you, even Moses, in whom ye trust.
John 6:8	One of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, saith unto him,
John 6:18	And the sea arose by reason of a great wind that blew.
John 6:28	Then said they unto him, What shall we do, that we might work the works of God?
John 6:38	For I came down from heaven, not to do mine own will, but the will of him that sent me.
John 6:48	I am that bread of life.
John 6:58	This is that bread which came down from heaven: not as your fathers did eat manna, and are dead: he that eateth of this bread shall live for ever.
John 6:68	Then Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom shall we go? thou hast the words of eternal life.
John 7:7	The world cannot hate you; but me it hateth, because I testify of it, that the works thereof are evil.
John 7:17	If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself.
John 7:27	Howbeit we know this man whence he is: but when Christ cometh, no man knoweth whence he is.
John 7:37	In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, If any man thirst, let him come unto me, and drink.
John 7:47	Then answered them the Pharisees, Are ye also deceived?
John 8:4	They say unto him, Master, this woman was taken in adultery, in the very act.
John 8:14	Jesus answered and said unto them, Though I bear record of myself, yet my record is true: for I know whence I came, and whither I go; but ye cannot tell whence I come, and whither I go.
John 8:24	I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.
John 8:34	Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin.
John 8:44	Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it.
John 8:54	Jesus answered, If I honour myself, my honour is nothing: it is my Father that honoureth me; of whom ye say, that he is your God:
John 9:5	As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.
John 9:15	Then again the Pharisees also asked him how he had received his sight. He said unto them, He put clay upon mine eyes, and I washed, and do see.
John 9:25	He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see.
John 9:35	Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and when he had found him, he said unto him, Dost thou believe on the Son of God?
John 10:4	And when he putteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him: for they know his voice.
John 10:14	I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine.
John 10:24	Then came the Jews round about him, and said unto him, How long dost thou make us to doubt? If thou be the Christ, tell us plainly.
John 10:34	Jesus answered them, Is it not written in your law, I said, Ye are gods?
John 11:2	(It was that Mary which anointed the Lord with ointment, and wiped his feet with her hair, whose brother Lazarus was sick.)
John 11:12	Then said his disciples, Lord, if he sleep, he shall do well.
John 11:22	But I know, that even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee.
John 11:32	Then when Mary was come where Jesus was, and saw him, she fell down at his feet, saying unto him, Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother had not died.
John 11:42	And I knew that thou hearest me always: but because of the people which stand by I said it, that they may believe that thou hast sent me.
John 11:52	And not for that nation only, but that also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad.
John 12:5	Why was not this ointment sold for three hundred pence, and given to the poor?
John 12:15	Fear not, daughter of Sion: behold, thy King cometh, sitting on an ass's colt.
John 12:25	He that loveth his life shall lose it; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal.
John 12:35	Then Jesus said unto them, Yet a little while is the light with you. Walk while ye have the light, lest darkness come upon you: for he that walketh in darkness knoweth not whither he goeth.
John 12:45	And he that seeth me seeth him that sent me.
John 13:5	After that he poureth water into a bason, and began to wash the disciples' feet, and to wipe them with the towel wherewith he was girded.
John 13:15	For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you.
John 13:25	He then lying on Jesus' breast saith unto him, Lord, who is it?
John 13:35	By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another.
John 14:7	If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him.
John 14:17	Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you.
John 14:27	Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.
John 15:6	If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned.
John 15:16	Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you.
John 15:26	But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:
John 16:9	Of sin, because they believe not on me;
John 16:19	Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said unto them, Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me?
John 16:29	His disciples said unto him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb.
John 17:6	I have manifested thy name unto the men which thou gavest me out of the world: thine they were, and thou gavest them me; and they have kept thy word.
John 17:16	They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.
John 17:26	And I have declared unto them thy name, and will declare it: that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them.
John 18:10	Then Simon Peter having a sword drew it, and smote the high priest's servant, and cut off his right ear. The servant's name was Malchus.
John 18:20	Jesus answered him, I spake openly to the world; I ever taught in the synagogue, and in the temple, whither the Jews always resort; and in secret have I said nothing.
John 18:30	They answered and said unto him, If he were not a malefactor, we would not have delivered him up unto thee.
John 18:40	Then cried they all again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas. Now Barabbas was a robber.
John 19:10	Then saith Pilate unto him, Speakest thou not unto me? knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and have power to release thee?
John 19:20	This title then read many of the Jews: for the place where Jesus was crucified was nigh to the city: and it was written in Hebrew, and Greek, and Latin.
John 19:30	When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.
John 19:40	Then took they the body of Jesus, and wound it in linen clothes with the spices, as the manner of the Jews is to bury.
John 20:8	Then went in also that other disciple, which came first to the sepulchre, and he saw, and believed.
John 20:18	Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen the LORD, and that he had spoken these things unto her.
John 20:28	And Thomas answered and said unto him, My LORD and my God.
John 21:7	Therefore that disciple whom Jesus loved saith unto Peter, It is the Lord. Now when Simon Peter heard that it was the Lord, he girt his fisher's coat unto him, (for he was naked,) and did cast himself into the sea.
John 21:17	He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep.
Acts 1:2	Until the day in which he was taken up, after that he through the Holy Ghost had given commandments unto the apostles whom he had chosen:
Acts 1:12	Then returned they unto Jerusalem from the mount called Olivet, which is from Jerusalem a sabbath day's journey.
Acts 1:22	Beginning from the baptism of John, unto that same day that he was taken up from us, must one be ordained to be a witness with us of his resurrection.
Acts 2:6	Now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together, and were confounded, because that every man heard them speak in his own language.
Acts 2:16	But this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel;
Acts 2:26	Therefore did my heart rejoice, and my tongue was glad; moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope:
Acts 2:36	Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath made the same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ.
Acts 2:46	And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart,
Acts 3:9	And all the people saw him walking and praising God:
Acts 3:19	Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord.
Acts 4:3	And they laid hands on them, and put them in hold unto the next day: for it was now eventide.
Acts 4:13	Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus.
Acts 4:23	And being let go, they went to their own company, and reported all that the chief priests and elders had said unto them.
Acts 4:33	And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus: and great grace was upon them all.
Acts 5:6	And the young men arose, wound him up, and carried him out, and buried him.
Acts 5:16	There came also a multitude out of the cities round about unto Jerusalem, bringing sick folks, and them which were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were healed every one.
Acts 5:26	Then went the captain with the officers, and brought them without violence: for they feared the people, lest they should have been stoned.
Acts 5:36	For before these days rose up Theudas, boasting himself to be somebody; to whom a number of men, about four hundred, joined themselves: who was slain; and all, as many as obeyed him, were scattered, and brought to nought.
Acts 6:4	But we will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word.
Acts 6:14	For we have heard him say, that this Jesus of Nazareth shall destroy this place, and shall change the customs which Moses delivered us.
Acts 7:9	And the patriarchs, moved with envy, sold Joseph into Egypt: but God was with him,
Acts 7:19	The same dealt subtilly with our kindred, and evil entreated our fathers, so that they cast out their young children, to the end they might not live.
Acts 7:29	Then fled Moses at this saying, and was a stranger in the land of Madian, where he begat two sons.
Acts 7:39	To whom our fathers would not obey, but thrust him from them, and in their hearts turned back again into Egypt,
Acts 7:49	Heaven is my throne, and earth is my footstool: what house will ye build me? saith the Lord: or what is the place of my rest?
Acts 7:59	And they stoned Stephen, calling upon God, and saying, Lord Jesus, receive my spirit.
Acts 8:9	But there was a certain man, called Simon, which beforetime in the same city used sorcery, and bewitched the people of Samaria, giving out that himself was some great one:
Acts 8:19	Saying, Give me also this power, that on whomsoever I lay hands, he may receive the Holy Ghost.
Acts 8:29	Then the Spirit said unto Philip, Go near, and join thyself to this chariot.
Acts 8:39	And when they were come up out of the water, the Spirit of the Lord caught away Philip, that the eunuch saw him no more: and he went on his way rejoicing.
Acts 9:9	And he was three days without sight, and neither did eat nor drink.
Acts 9:19	And when he had received meat, he was strengthened. Then was Saul certain days with the disciples which were at Damascus.
Acts 9:29	And he spake boldly in the name of the Lord Jesus, and disputed against the Grecians: but they went about to slay him.
Acts 9:39	Then Peter arose and went with them. When he was come, they brought him into the upper chamber: and all the widows stood by him weeping, and shewing the coats and garments which Dorcas made, while she was with them.
Acts 10:6	He lodgeth with one Simon a tanner, whose house is by the sea side: he shall tell thee what thou oughtest to do.
Acts 10:16	This was done thrice: and the vessel was received up again into heaven.
Acts 10:26	But Peter took him up, saying, Stand up; I myself also am a man.
Acts 10:36	The word which God sent unto the children of Israel, preaching peace by Jesus Christ: (he is Lord of all:)
Acts 10:46	For they heard them speak with tongues, and magnify God. Then answered Peter,
Acts 11:8	But I said, Not so, Lord: for nothing common or unclean hath at any time entered into my mouth.
Acts 11:18	When they heard these things, they held their peace, and glorified God, saying, Then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life.
Acts 11:28	And there stood up one of them named Agabus, and signified by the Spirit that there should be great dearth throughout all the world: which came to pass in the days of Claudius Caesar.
Acts 12:8	And the angel said unto him, Gird thyself, and bind on thy sandals. And so he did. And he saith unto him, Cast thy garment about thee, and follow me.
Acts 12:18	Now as soon as it was day, there was no small stir among the soldiers, what was become of Peter.
Acts 13:3	And when they had fasted and prayed, and laid their hands on them, they sent them away.
Acts 13:13	Now when Paul and his company loosed from Paphos, they came to Perga in Pamphylia: and John departing from them returned to Jerusalem.
Acts 13:23	Of this man's seed hath God according to his promise raised unto Israel a Saviour, Jesus:
Acts 13:33	God hath fulfilled the same unto us their children, in that he hath raised up Jesus again; as it is also written in the second psalm, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee.
Acts 13:43	Now when the congregation was broken up, many of the Jews and religious proselytes followed Paul and Barnabas: who, speaking to them, persuaded them to continue in the grace of God.
Acts 14:1	And it came to pass in Iconium, that they went both together into the synagogue of the Jews, and so spake, that a great multitude both of the Jews and also of the Greeks believed.
Acts 14:11	And when the people saw what Paul had done, they lifted up their voices, saying in the speech of Lycaonia, The gods are come down to us in the likeness of men.
Acts 14:21	And when they had preached the gospel to that city, and had taught many, they returned again to Lystra, and to Iconium, and Antioch,
Acts 15:3	And being brought on their way by the church, they passed through Phenice and Samaria, declaring the conversion of the Gentiles: and they caused great joy unto all the brethren.
Acts 15:13	And after they had held their peace, James answered, saying, Men and brethren, hearken unto me:
Acts 15:23	And they wrote letters by them after this manner; The apostles and elders and brethren send greeting unto the brethren which are of the Gentiles in Antioch and Syria and Cilicia.
Acts 15:33	And after they had tarried there a space, they were let go in peace from the brethren unto the apostles.
Acts 16:2	Which was well reported of by the brethren that were at Lystra and Iconium.
Acts 16:12	And from thence to Philippi, which is the chief city of that part of Macedonia, and a colony: and we were in that city abiding certain days.
Acts 16:22	And the multitude rose up together against them: and the magistrates rent off their clothes, and commanded to beat them.
Acts 16:32	And they spake unto him the word of the Lord, and to all that were in his house.
Acts 17:2	And Paul, as his manner was, went in unto them, and three sabbath days reasoned with them out of the scriptures,
Acts 17:12	Therefore many of them believed; also of honourable women which were Greeks, and of men, not a few.
Acts 17:22	Then Paul stood in the midst of Mars' hill, and said, Ye men of Athens, I perceive that in all things ye are too superstitious.
Acts 17:32	And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked: and others said, We will hear thee again of this matter.
Acts 18:8	And Crispus, the chief ruler of the synagogue, believed on the Lord with all his house; and many of the Corinthians hearing believed, and were baptized.
Acts 18:18	And Paul after this tarried there yet a good while, and then took his leave of the brethren, and sailed thence into Syria, and with him Priscilla and Aquila; having shorn his head in Cenchrea: for he had a vow.
Acts 18:28	For he mightily convinced the Jews, and that publickly, shewing by the scriptures that Jesus was Christ.
Acts 19:10	And this continued by the space of two years; so that all they which dwelt in Asia heard the word of the Lord Jesus, both Jews and Greeks.
Acts 19:20	So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed.
Acts 19:30	And when Paul would have entered in unto the people, the disciples suffered him not.
Acts 19:40	For we are in danger to be called in question for this day's uproar, there being no cause whereby we may give an account of this concourse.
Acts 20:9	And there sat in a window a certain young man named Eutychus, being fallen into a deep sleep: and as Paul was long preaching, he sunk down with sleep, and fell down from the third loft, and was taken up dead.
Acts 20:19	Serving the LORD with all humility of mind, and with many tears, and temptations, which befell me by the lying in wait of the Jews:
Acts 20:29	For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock.
Acts 21:1	And it came to pass, that after we were gotten from them, and had launched, we came with a straight course unto Coos, and the day following unto Rhodes, and from thence unto Patara:
Acts 21:11	And when he was come unto us, he took Paul's girdle, and bound his own hands and feet, and said, Thus saith the Holy Ghost, So shall the Jews at Jerusalem bind the man that owneth this girdle, and shall deliver him into the hands of the Gentiles.
Acts 21:21	And they are informed of thee, that thou teachest all the Jews which are among the Gentiles to forsake Moses, saying that they ought not to circumcise their children, neither to walk after the customs.
Acts 21:31	And as they went about to kill him, tidings came unto the chief captain of the band, that all Jerusalem was in an uproar.
Acts 22:1	Men, brethren, and fathers, hear ye my defence which I make now unto you.
Acts 22:11	And when I could not see for the glory of that light, being led by the hand of them that were with me, I came into Damascus.
Acts 22:21	And he said unto me, Depart: for I will send thee far hence unto the Gentiles.
Acts 23:1	And Paul, earnestly beholding the council, said, Men and brethren, I have lived in all good conscience before God until this day.
Acts 23:11	And the night following the Lord stood by him, and said, Be of good cheer, Paul: for as thou hast testified of me in Jerusalem, so must thou bear witness also at Rome.
Acts 23:21	But do not thou yield unto them: for there lie in wait for him of them more than forty men, which have bound themselves with an oath, that they will neither eat nor drink till they have killed him: and now are they ready, looking for a promise from thee.
Acts 23:31	Then the soldiers, as it was commanded them, took Paul, and brought him by night to Antipatris.
Acts 24:6	Who also hath gone about to profane the temple: whom we took, and would have judged according to our law.
Acts 24:16	And herein do I exercise myself, to have always a conscience void to offence toward God, and toward men.
Acts 24:26	He hoped also that money should have been given him of Paul, that he might loose him: wherefore he sent for him the oftener, and communed with him.
Acts 25:9	But Festus, willing to do the Jews a pleasure, answered Paul, and said, Wilt thou go up to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these things before me?
Acts 25:19	But had certain questions against him of their own superstition, and of one Jesus, which was dead, whom Paul affirmed to be alive.
Acts 26:2	I think myself happy, king Agrippa, because I shall answer for myself this day before thee touching all the things whereof I am accused of the Jews:
Acts 26:12	Whereupon as I went to Damascus with authority and commission from the chief priests,
Acts 26:22	Having therefore obtained help of God, I continue unto this day, witnessing both to small and great, saying none other things than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come:
Acts 26:32	Then said Agrippa unto Festus, This man might have been set at liberty, if he had not appealed unto Caesar.
Acts 27:10	And said unto them, Sirs, I perceive that this voyage will be with hurt and much damage, not only of the lading and ship, but also of our lives.
Acts 27:20	And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away.
Acts 27:30	And as the shipmen were about to flee out of the ship, when they had let down the boat into the sea, under colour as though they would have cast anchors out of the foreship,
Acts 27:40	And when they had taken up the anchors, they committed themselves unto the sea, and loosed the rudder bands, and hoised up the mainsail to the wind, and made toward shore.
Acts 28:6	Howbeit they looked when he should have swollen, or fallen down dead suddenly: but after they had looked a great while, and saw no harm come to him, they changed their minds, and said that he was a god.
Acts 28:16	And when we came to Rome, the centurion delivered the prisoners to the captain of the guard: but Paul was suffered to dwell by himself with a soldier that kept him.
Acts 28:26	Saying, Go unto this people, and say, Hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and not perceive:
Romans 1:5	By whom we have received grace and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name:
Romans 1:15	So, as much as in me is, I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also.
Romans 1:25	Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.
Romans 2:3	And thinkest thou this, O man, that judgest them which do such things, and doest the same, that thou shalt escape the judgment of God?
Romans 2:13	(For not the hearers of the law are just before God, but the doers of the law shall be justified.
Romans 2:23	Thou that makest thy boast of the law, through breaking the law dishonourest thou God?
Romans 3:4	God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.
Romans 3:14	Whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness:
Romans 3:24	Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus:
Romans 4:3	For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness.
Romans 4:13	For the promise, that he should be the heir of the world, was not to Abraham, or to his seed, through the law, but through the righteousness of faith.
Romans 4:23	Now it was not written for his sake alone, that it was imputed to him;
Romans 5:8	But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
Romans 5:18	Therefore as by the offence of one judgment came upon all men to condemnation; even so by the righteousness of one the free gift came upon all men unto justification of life.
Romans 6:7	For he that is dead is freed from sin.
Romans 6:17	But God be thanked, that ye were the servants of sin, but ye have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered you.
Romans 7:4	Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to another, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit unto God.
Romans 7:14	For we know that the law is spiritual: but I am carnal, sold under sin.
Romans 7:24	O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from the body of this death?
Romans 8:9	But ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his.
Romans 8:19	For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God.
Romans 8:29	For whom he did foreknow, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his Son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren.
Romans 8:39	Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Romans 9:10	And not only this; but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even by our father Isaac;
Romans 9:20	Nay but, O man, who art thou that repliest against God? Shall the thing formed say to him that formed it, Why hast thou made me thus?
Romans 9:30	What shall we say then? That the Gentiles, which followed not after righteousness, have attained to righteousness, even the righteousness which is of faith.
Romans 10:7	Or, Who shall descend into the deep? (that is, to bring up Christ again from the dead.)
Romans 10:17	So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
Romans 11:6	And if by grace, then is it no more of works: otherwise grace is no more grace. But if it be of works, then it is no more grace: otherwise work is no more work.
Romans 11:16	For if the firstfruit be holy, the lump is also holy: and if the root be holy, so are the branches.
Romans 11:26	And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob:
Romans 11:36	For of him, and through him, and to him, are all things: to whom be glory for ever. Amen.
Romans 12:10	Be kindly affectioned one to another with brotherly love; in honour preferring one another;
Romans 12:20	Therefore if thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink: for in so doing thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head.
Romans 13:9	For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
Romans 14:5	One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind.
Romans 14:15	But if thy brother be grieved with thy meat, now walkest thou not charitably. Destroy not him with thy meat, for whom Christ died.
Romans 15:2	Let every one of us please his neighbour for his good to edification.
Romans 15:12	And again, Esaias saith, There shall be a root of Jesse, and he that shall rise to reign over the Gentiles; in him shall the Gentiles trust.
Romans 15:22	For which cause also I have been much hindered from coming to you.
Romans 15:32	That I may come unto you with joy by the will of God, and may with you be refreshed.
Romans 16:9	Salute Urbane, our helper in Christ, and Stachys my beloved.
Romans 16:19	For your obedience is come abroad unto all men. I am glad therefore on your behalf: but yet I would have you wise unto that which is good, and simple concerning evil.
1 Corinthians 1:2	Unto the church of God which is at Corinth, to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be saints, with all that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both their's and our's:
1 Corinthians 1:12	Now this I say, that every one of you saith, I am of Paul; and I of Apollos; and I of Cephas; and I of Christ.
1 Corinthians 1:22	For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom:
1 Corinthians 2:1	And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God.
1 Corinthians 2:11	For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God.
1 Corinthians 3:5	Who then is Paul, and who is Apollos, but ministers by whom ye believed, even as the Lord gave to every man?
1 Corinthians 3:15	If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire.
1 Corinthians 4:2	Moreover it is required in stewards, that a man be found faithful.
1 Corinthians 4:12	And labour, working with our own hands: being reviled, we bless; being persecuted, we suffer it:
1 Corinthians 5:1	It is reported commonly that there is fornication among you, and such fornication as is not so much as named among the Gentiles, that one should have his father's wife.
1 Corinthians 5:11	But now I have written unto you not to keep company, if any man that is called a brother be a fornicator, or covetous, or an idolater, or a railer, or a drunkard, or an extortioner; with such an one no not to eat.
1 Corinthians 6:8	Nay, ye do wrong, and defraud, and that your brethren.
1 Corinthians 6:18	Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is without the body; but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body.
1 Corinthians 7:8	I say therefore to the unmarried and widows, It is good for them if they abide even as I.
1 Corinthians 7:18	Is any man called being circumcised? let him not become uncircumcised. Is any called in uncircumcision? let him not be circumcised.
1 Corinthians 7:28	But and if thou marry, thou hast not sinned; and if a virgin marry, she hath not sinned. Nevertheless such shall have trouble in the flesh: but I spare you.
1 Corinthians 7:38	So then he that giveth her in marriage doeth well; but he that giveth her not in marriage doeth better.
1 Corinthians 8:8	But meat commendeth us not to God: for neither, if we eat, are we the better; neither, if we eat not, are we the worse.
1 Corinthians 9:5	Have we not power to lead about a sister, a wife, as well as other apostles, and as the brethren of the Lord, and Cephas?
1 Corinthians 9:15	But I have used none of these things: neither have I written these things, that it should be so done unto me: for it were better for me to die, than that any man should make my glorying void.
1 Corinthians 9:25	And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown; but we an incorruptible.
1 Corinthians 10:8	Neither let us commit fornication, as some of them committed, and fell in one day three and twenty thousand.
1 Corinthians 10:18	Behold Israel after the flesh: are not they which eat of the sacrifices partakers of the altar?
1 Corinthians 10:28	But if any man say unto you, This is offered in sacrifice unto idols, eat not for his sake that shewed it, and for conscience sake: for the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof:
1 Corinthians 11:5	But every woman that prayeth or prophesieth with her head uncovered dishonoureth her head: for that is even all one as if she were shaven.
1 Corinthians 11:15	But if a woman have long hair, it is a glory to her: for her hair is given her for a covering.
1 Corinthians 11:25	After the same manner also he took the cup, when he had supped, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood: this do ye, as oft as ye drink it, in remembrance of me.
1 Corinthians 12:1	Now concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant.
1 Corinthians 12:11	But all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will.
1 Corinthians 12:21	And the eye cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee: nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you.
1 Corinthians 12:31	But covet earnestly the best gifts: and yet shew I unto you a more excellent way.
1 Corinthians 13:10	But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away.
1 Corinthians 14:7	And even things without life giving sound, whether pipe or harp, except they give a distinction in the sounds, how shall it be known what is piped or harped?
1 Corinthians 14:17	For thou verily givest thanks well, but the other is not edified.
1 Corinthians 14:27	If any man speak in an unknown tongue, let it be by two, or at the most by three, and that by course; and let one interpret.
1 Corinthians 14:37	If any man think himself to be a prophet, or spiritual, let him acknowledge that the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord.
1 Corinthians 15:7	After that, he was seen of James; then of all the apostles.
1 Corinthians 15:17	And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain; ye are yet in your sins.
1 Corinthians 15:27	For he hath put all things under his feet. But when he saith all things are put under him, it is manifest that he is excepted, which did put all things under him.
1 Corinthians 15:37	And that which thou sowest, thou sowest not that body that shall be, but bare grain, it may chance of wheat, or of some other grain:
1 Corinthians 15:47	The first man is of the earth, earthy; the second man is the Lord from heaven.
1 Corinthians 15:57	But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 16:9	For a great door and effectual is opened unto me, and there are many adversaries.
1 Corinthians 16:19	The churches of Asia salute you. Aquila and Priscilla salute you much in the Lord, with the church that is in their house.
2 Corinthians 1:5	For as the sufferings of Christ abound in us, so our consolation also aboundeth by Christ.
2 Corinthians 1:15	And in this confidence I was minded to come unto you before, that ye might have a second benefit;
2 Corinthians 2:1	But I determined this with myself, that I would not come again to you in heaviness.
2 Corinthians 2:11	Lest Satan should get an advantage of us: for we are not ignorant of his devices.
2 Corinthians 3:4	And such trust have we through Christ to God-ward:
2 Corinthians 3:14	But their minds were blinded: for until this day remaineth the same vail untaken away in the reading of the old testament; which vail is done away in Christ.
2 Corinthians 4:6	For God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ.
2 Corinthians 4:16	For which cause we faint not; but though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day.
2 Corinthians 5:8	We are confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.
2 Corinthians 5:18	And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation;
2 Corinthians 6:7	By the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left,
2 Corinthians 6:17	Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you.
2 Corinthians 7:9	Now I rejoice, not that ye were made sorry, but that ye sorrowed to repentance: for ye were made sorry after a godly manner, that ye might receive damage by us in nothing.
2 Corinthians 8:3	For to their power, I bear record, yea, and beyond their power they were willing of themselves;
2 Corinthians 8:13	For I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened:
2 Corinthians 8:23	Whether any do enquire of Titus, he is my partner and fellowhelper concerning you: or our brethren be enquired of, they are the messengers of the churches, and the glory of Christ.
2 Corinthians 9:9	(As it is written, He hath dispersed abroad; he hath given to the poor: his righteousness remaineth for ever.
2 Corinthians 10:4	(For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strong holds;)
2 Corinthians 10:14	For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure, as though we reached not unto you: for we are come as far as to you also in preaching the gospel of Christ:
2 Corinthians 11:6	But though I be rude in speech, yet not in knowledge; but we have been throughly made manifest among you in all things.
2 Corinthians 11:16	I say again, Let no man think me a fool; if otherwise, yet as a fool receive me, that I may boast myself a little.
2 Corinthians 11:26	In journeyings often, in perils of waters, in perils of robbers, in perils by mine own countrymen, in perils by the heathen, in perils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, in perils in the sea, in perils among false brethren;
2 Corinthians 12:3	And I knew such a man, (whether in the body, or out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;)
2 Corinthians 12:13	For what is it wherein ye were inferior to other churches, except it be that I myself was not burdensome to you? forgive me this wrong.
2 Corinthians 13:2	I told you before, and foretell you, as if I were present, the second time; and being absent now I write to them which heretofore have sinned, and to all other, that, if I come again, I will not spare:
2 Corinthians 13:12	Greet one another with an holy kiss.
Galatians 1:8	But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.
Galatians 1:18	Then after three years I went up to Jerusalem to see Peter, and abode with him fifteen days.
Galatians 2:4	And that because of false brethren unawares brought in, who came in privily to spy out our liberty which we have in Christ Jesus, that they might bring us into bondage:
Galatians 2:14	But when I saw that they walked not uprightly according to the truth of the gospel, I said unto Peter before them all, If thou, being a Jew, livest after the manner of Gentiles, and not as do the Jews, why compellest thou the Gentiles to live as do the Jews?
Galatians 3:3	Are ye so foolish? having begun in the Spirit, are ye now made perfect by the flesh?
Galatians 3:13	Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us: for it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree:
Galatians 3:23	But before faith came, we were kept under the law, shut up unto the faith which should afterwards be revealed.
Galatians 4:4	But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law,
Galatians 4:14	And my temptation which was in my flesh ye despised not, nor rejected; but received me as an angel of God, even as Christ Jesus.
Galatians 4:24	Which things are an allegory: for these are the two covenants; the one from the mount Sinai, which gendereth to bondage, which is Agar.
Galatians 5:3	For I testify again to every man that is circumcised, that he is a debtor to do the whole law.
Galatians 5:13	For, brethren, ye have been called unto liberty; only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh, but by love serve one another.
Galatians 5:23	Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.
Galatians 6:7	Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.
Galatians 6:17	From henceforth let no man trouble me: for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus.
Ephesians 1:9	Having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself:
Ephesians 1:19	And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who believe, according to the working of his mighty power,
Ephesians 2:6	And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:
Ephesians 2:16	And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity thereby:
Ephesians 3:4	Whereby, when ye read, ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ)
Ephesians 3:14	For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ,
Ephesians 4:3	Endeavouring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.
Ephesians 4:13	Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ:
Ephesians 4:23	And be renewed in the spirit of your mind;
Ephesians 5:1	Be ye therefore followers of God, as dear children;
Ephesians 5:11	And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them.
Ephesians 5:21	Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God.
Ephesians 5:31	For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh.
Ephesians 6:8	Knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth, the same shall he receive of the Lord, whether he be bond or free.
Ephesians 6:18	Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;
Philippians 1:4	Always in every prayer of mine for you all making request with joy,
Philippians 1:14	And many of the brethren in the Lord, waxing confident by my bonds, are much more bold to speak the word without fear.
Philippians 1:24	Nevertheless to abide in the flesh is more needful for you.
Philippians 2:4	Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others.
Philippians 2:14	Do all things without murmurings and disputings:
Philippians 2:24	But I trust in the Lord that I also myself shall come shortly.
Philippians 3:4	Though I might also have confidence in the flesh. If any other man thinketh that he hath whereof he might trust in the flesh, I more:
Philippians 3:14	I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:3	And I intreat thee also, true yokefellow, help those women which laboured with me in the gospel, with Clement also, and with other my fellowlabourers, whose names are in the book of life.
Philippians 4:13	I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.
Philippians 4:23	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Colossians 1:10	That ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of God;
Colossians 1:20	And, having made peace through the blood of his cross, by him to reconcile all things unto himself; by him, I say, whether they be things in earth, or things in heaven.
Colossians 2:1	For I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you, and for them at Laodicea, and for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh;
Colossians 2:11	In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ:
Colossians 2:21	(Touch not; taste not; handle not;
Colossians 3:8	But now ye also put off all these; anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth.
Colossians 3:18	Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as it is fit in the Lord.
Colossians 4:3	Withal praying also for us, that God would open unto us a door of utterance, to speak the mystery of Christ, for which I am also in bonds:
Colossians 4:13	For I bear him record, that he hath a great zeal for you, and them that are in Laodicea, and them in Hierapolis.
1 Thessalonians 1:5	For our gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance; as ye know what manner of men we were among you for your sake.
1 Thessalonians 2:5	For neither at any time used we flattering words, as ye know, nor a cloke of covetousness; God is witness:
1 Thessalonians 2:15	Who both killed the Lord Jesus, and their own prophets, and have persecuted us; and they please not God, and are contrary to all men:
1 Thessalonians 3:5	For this cause, when I could no longer forbear, I sent to know your faith, lest by some means the tempter have tempted you, and our labour be in vain.
1 Thessalonians 4:2	For ye know what commandments we gave you by the Lord Jesus.
1 Thessalonians 4:12	That ye may walk honestly toward them that are without, and that ye may have lack of nothing.
1 Thessalonians 5:4	But ye, brethren, are not in darkness, that that day should overtake you as a thief.
1 Thessalonians 5:14	Now we exhort you, brethren, warn them that are unruly, comfort the feebleminded, support the weak, be patient toward all men.
1 Thessalonians 5:24	Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it.
2 Thessalonians 1:6	Seeing it is a righteous thing with God to recompense tribulation to them that trouble you;
2 Thessalonians 2:4	Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, shewing himself that he is God.
2 Thessalonians 2:14	Whereunto he called you by our gospel, to the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Thessalonians 3:7	For yourselves know how ye ought to follow us: for we behaved not ourselves disorderly among you;
2 Thessalonians 3:17	The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
1 Timothy 1:9	Knowing this, that the law is not made for a righteous man, but for the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and for sinners, for unholy and profane, for murderers of fathers and murderers of mothers, for manslayers,
1 Timothy 1:19	Holding faith, and a good conscience; which some having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck:
1 Timothy 2:9	In like manner also, that women adorn themselves in modest apparel, with shamefacedness and sobriety; not with broided hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly array;
1 Timothy 3:4	One that ruleth well his own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity;
1 Timothy 3:14	These things write I unto thee, hoping to come unto thee shortly:
1 Timothy 4:8	For bodily exercise profiteth little: but godliness is profitable unto all things, having promise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come.
1 Timothy 5:2	The elder women as mothers; the younger as sisters, with all purity.
1 Timothy 5:12	Having damnation, because they have cast off their first faith.
1 Timothy 5:22	Lay hands suddenly on no man, neither be partaker of other men's sins: keep thyself pure.
1 Timothy 6:7	For we brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out.
1 Timothy 6:17	Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not highminded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy;
2 Timothy 1:6	Wherefore I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of God, which is in thee by the putting on of my hands.
2 Timothy 1:16	The Lord give mercy unto the house of Onesiphorus; for he oft refreshed me, and was not ashamed of my chain:
2 Timothy 2:8	Remember that Jesus Christ of the seed of David was raised from the dead according to my gospel:
2 Timothy 2:18	Who concerning the truth have erred, saying that the resurrection is past already; and overthrow the faith of some.
2 Timothy 3:2	For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,
2 Timothy 3:12	Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.
2 Timothy 4:5	But watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry.
2 Timothy 4:15	Of whom be thou ware also; for he hath greatly withstood our words.
Titus 1:3	But hath in due times manifested his word through preaching, which is committed unto me according to the commandment of God our Saviour;
Titus 1:13	This witness is true. Wherefore rebuke them sharply, that they may be sound in the faith;
Titus 2:7	In all things shewing thyself a pattern of good works: in doctrine shewing uncorruptness, gravity, sincerity,
Titus 3:2	To speak evil of no man, to be no brawlers, but gentle, shewing all meekness unto all men.
Titus 3:12	When I shall send Artemas unto thee, or Tychicus, be diligent to come unto me to Nicopolis: for I have determined there to winter.
Philemon 1:7	For we have great joy and consolation in thy love, because the bowels of the saints are refreshed by thee, brother.
Philemon 1:17	If thou count me therefore a partner, receive him as myself.
Hebrews 1:2	Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;
Hebrews 1:12	And as a vesture shalt thou fold them up, and they shall be changed: but thou art the same, and thy years shall not fail.
Hebrews 2:8	Thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him.
Hebrews 2:18	For in that he himself hath suffered being tempted, he is able to succour them that are tempted.
Hebrews 3:10	Wherefore I was grieved with that generation, and said, They do alway err in their heart; and they have not known my ways.
Hebrews 4:1	Let us therefore fear, lest, a promise being left us of entering into his rest, any of you should seem to come short of it.
Hebrews 4:11	Let us labour therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief.
Hebrews 5:5	So also Christ glorified not himself to be made an high priest; but he that said unto him, Thou art my Son, to day have I begotten thee.
Hebrews 6:1	Therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection; not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God,
Hebrews 6:11	And we desire that every one of you do shew the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end:
Hebrews 7:1	For this Melchisedec, king of Salem, priest of the most high God, who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings, and blessed him;
Hebrews 7:11	If therefore perfection were by the Levitical priesthood, (for under it the people received the law,) what further need was there that another priest should rise after the order of Melchisedec, and not be called after the order of Aaron?
Hebrews 7:21	(For those priests were made without an oath; but this with an oath by him that said unto him, The Lord sware and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec:)
Hebrews 8:3	For every high priest is ordained to offer gifts and sacrifices: wherefore it is of necessity that this man have somewhat also to offer.
Hebrews 8:13	In that he saith, A new covenant, he hath made the first old. Now that which decayeth and waxeth old is ready to vanish away.
Hebrews 9:10	Which stood only in meats and drinks, and divers washings, and carnal ordinances, imposed on them until the time of reformation.
Hebrews 9:20	Saying, This is the blood of the testament which God hath enjoined unto you.
Hebrews 10:2	For then would they not have ceased to be offered? because that the worshippers once purged should have had no more conscience of sins.
Hebrews 10:12	But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God;
Hebrews 10:22	Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water.
Hebrews 10:32	But call to remembrance the former days, in which, after ye were illuminated, ye endured a great fight of afflictions;
Hebrews 11:3	Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear.
Hebrews 11:13	These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them afar off, and were persuaded of them, and embraced them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth.
Hebrews 11:23	By faith Moses, when he was born, was hid three months of his parents, because they saw he was a proper child; and they were not afraid of the king's commandment.
Hebrews 11:33	Who through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions.
Hebrews 12:3	For consider him that endured such contradiction of sinners against himself, lest ye be wearied and faint in your minds.
Hebrews 12:13	And make straight paths for your feet, lest that which is lame be turned out of the way; but let it rather be healed.
Hebrews 12:23	To the general assembly and church of the firstborn, which are written in heaven, and to God the Judge of all, and to the spirits of just men made perfect,
Hebrews 13:4	Marriage is honourable in all, and the bed undefiled: but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge.
Hebrews 13:14	For here have we no continuing city, but we seek one to come.
Hebrews 13:24	Salute all them that have the rule over you, and all the saints. They of Italy salute you.
James 1:9	Let the brother of low degree rejoice in that he is exalted:
James 1:19	Wherefore, my beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, slow to wrath:
James 2:2	For if there come unto your assembly a man with a gold ring, in goodly apparel, and there come in also a poor man in vile raiment;
James 2:12	So speak ye, and so do, as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty.
James 2:22	Seest thou how faith wrought with his works, and by works was faith made perfect?
James 3:6	And the tongue is a fire, a world of iniquity: so is the tongue among our members, that it defileth the whole body, and setteth on fire the course of nature; and it is set on fire of hell.
James 3:16	For where envying and strife is, there is confusion and every evil work.
James 4:8	Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded.
James 5:1	Go to now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you.
James 5:11	Behold, we count them happy which endure. Ye have heard of the patience of Job, and have seen the end of the Lord; that the Lord is very pitiful, and of tender mercy.
1 Peter 1:1	Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the strangers scattered throughout Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia,
1 Peter 1:11	Searching what, or what manner of time the Spirit of Christ which was in them did signify, when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ, and the glory that should follow.
1 Peter 1:21	Who by him do believe in God, that raised him up from the dead, and gave him glory; that your faith and hope might be in God.
1 Peter 2:6	Wherefore also it is contained in the scripture, Behold, I lay in Sion a chief corner stone, elect, precious: and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded.
1 Peter 2:16	As free, and not using your liberty for a cloke of maliciousness, but as the servants of God.
1 Peter 3:1	Likewise, ye wives, be in subjection to your own husbands; that, if any obey not the word, they also may without the word be won by the conversation of the wives;
1 Peter 3:11	Let him eschew evil, and do good; let him seek peace, and ensue it.
1 Peter 3:21	The like figure whereunto even baptism doth also now save us (not the putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good conscience toward God,) by the resurrection of Jesus Christ:
1 Peter 4:9	Use hospitality one to another without grudging.
1 Peter 4:19	Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in well doing, as unto a faithful Creator.
1 Peter 5:10	But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you.
2 Peter 1:6	And to knowledge temperance; and to temperance patience; and to patience godliness;
2 Peter 1:16	For we have not followed cunningly devised fables, when we made known unto you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but were eyewitnesses of his majesty.
2 Peter 2:5	And spared not the old world, but saved Noah the eighth person, a preacher of righteousness, bringing in the flood upon the world of the ungodly;
2 Peter 2:15	Which have forsaken the right way, and are gone astray, following the way of Balaam the son of Bosor, who loved the wages of unrighteousness;
2 Peter 3:3	Knowing this first, that there shall come in the last days scoffers, walking after their own lusts,
2 Peter 3:13	Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness.
1 John 1:5	This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all.
1 John 2:5	But whoso keepeth his word, in him verily is the love of God perfected: hereby know we that we are in him.
1 John 2:15	Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.
1 John 2:25	And this is the promise that he hath promised us, even eternal life.
1 John 3:6	Whosoever abideth in him sinneth not: whosoever sinneth hath not seen him, neither known him.
1 John 3:16	Hereby perceive we the love of God, because he laid down his life for us: and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren.
1 John 4:2	Hereby know ye the Spirit of God: Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God:
1 John 4:12	No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected in us.
1 John 5:1	Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God: and every one that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him.
1 John 5:11	And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.
1 John 5:21	Little children, keep yourselves from idols. Amen.
2 John 1:10	If there come any unto you, and bring not this doctrine, receive him not into your house, neither bid him God speed:
3 John 1:7	Because that for his name's sake they went forth, taking nothing of the Gentiles.
Jude 1:3	Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints.
Jude 1:13	Raging waves of the sea, foaming out their own shame; wandering stars, to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness for ever.
Jude 1:23	And others save with fear, pulling them out of the fire; hating even the garment spotted by the flesh.
Revelation 1:8	I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.
Revelation 1:18	I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death.
Revelation 2:8	And unto the angel of the church in Smyrna write; These things saith the first and the last, which was dead, and is alive;
Revelation 2:18	And unto the angel of the church in Thyatira write; These things saith the Son of God, who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire, and his feet are like fine brass;
Revelation 2:28	And I will give him the morning star.
Revelation 3:9	Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews, and are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee.
Revelation 3:19	As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten: be zealous therefore, and repent.
Revelation 4:7	And the first beast was like a lion, and the second beast like a calf, and the third beast had a face as a man, and the fourth beast was like a flying eagle.
Revelation 5:6	And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth.
Revelation 6:2	And I saw, and behold a white horse: and he that sat on him had a bow; and a crown was given unto him: and he went forth conquering, and to conquer.
Revelation 6:12	And I beheld when he had opened the sixth seal, and, lo, there was a great earthquake; and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair, and the moon became as blood;
Revelation 7:5	Of the tribe of Juda were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Reuben were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Gad were sealed twelve thousand.
Revelation 7:15	Therefore are they before the throne of God, and serve him day and night in his temple: and he that sitteth on the throne shall dwell among them.
Revelation 8:8	And the second angel sounded, and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea: and the third part of the sea became blood;
Revelation 9:5	And to them it was given that they should not kill them, but that they should be tormented five months: and their torment was as the torment of a scorpion, when he striketh a man.
Revelation 9:15	And the four angels were loosed, which were prepared for an hour, and a day, and a month, and a year, for to slay the third part of men.
Revelation 10:4	And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write: and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not.
Revelation 11:3	And I will give power unto my two witnesses, and they shall prophesy a thousand two hundred and threescore days, clothed in sackcloth.
Revelation 11:13	And the same hour was there a great earthquake, and the tenth part of the city fell, and in the earthquake were slain of men seven thousand: and the remnant were affrighted, and gave glory to the God of heaven.
Revelation 12:4	And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born.
Revelation 12:14	And to the woman were given two wings of a great eagle, that she might fly into the wilderness, into her place, where she is nourished for a time, and times, and half a time, from the face of the serpent.
Revelation 13:7	And it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them: and power was given him over all kindreds, and tongues, and nations.
Revelation 13:17	And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.
Revelation 14:9	And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand,
Revelation 14:19	And the angel thrust in his sickle into the earth, and gathered the vine of the earth, and cast it into the great winepress of the wrath of God.
Revelation 16:1	And I heard a great voice out of the temple saying to the seven angels, Go your ways, and pour out the vials of the wrath of God upon the earth.
Revelation 16:11	And blasphemed the God of heaven because of their pains and their sores, and repented not of their deeds.
Revelation 16:21	And there fell upon men a great hail out of heaven, every stone about the weight of a talent: and men blasphemed God because of the plague of the hail; for the plague thereof was exceeding great.
Revelation 17:10	And there are seven kings: five are fallen, and one is, and the other is not yet come; and when he cometh, he must continue a short space.
Revelation 18:2	And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird.
Revelation 18:12	The merchandise of gold, and silver, and precious stones, and of pearls, and fine linen, and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and all thyine wood, and all manner vessels of ivory, and all manner vessels of most precious wood, and of brass, and iron, and marble,
Revelation 18:22	And the voice of harpers, and musicians, and of pipers, and trumpeters, shall be heard no more at all in thee; and no craftsman, of whatsoever craft he be, shall be found any more in thee; and the sound of a millstone shall be heard no more at all in thee;
Revelation 19:8	And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white: for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints.
Revelation 19:18	That ye may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great.
Revelation 20:7	And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his prison,
Revelation 21:2	And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband.
Revelation 21:12	And had a wall great and high, and had twelve gates, and at the gates twelve angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel:
Revelation 21:22	And I saw no temple therein: for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it.
Revelation 22:5	And there shall be no night there; and they need no candle, neither light of the sun; for the Lord God giveth them light: and they shall reign for ever and ever.
Revelation 22:15	For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.
