Genesis 1:7	And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so.
Genesis 1:17	And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth,
Genesis 1:27	So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.
Genesis 2:6	But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.
Genesis 2:16	And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat:
Genesis 3:1	Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?
Genesis 3:11	And he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat?
Genesis 3:21	Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of skins, and clothed them.
Genesis 4:7	If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.
Genesis 4:17	And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch.
Genesis 5:1	This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him;
Genesis 5:11	And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years: and he died.
Genesis 5:21	And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah:
Genesis 5:31	And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died.
Genesis 6:9	These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect in his generations, and Noah walked with God.
Genesis 6:19	And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female.
Genesis 7:7	And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood.
Genesis 7:17	And the flood was forty days upon the earth; and the waters increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth.
Genesis 8:3	And the waters returned from off the earth continually: and after the end of the hundred and fifty days the waters were abated.
Genesis 8:13	And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year, in the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried up from off the earth: and Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked, and, behold, the face of the ground was dry.
Genesis 9:1	And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth.
Genesis 9:11	And I will establish my covenant with you, neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood; neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth.
Genesis 9:21	And he drank of the wine, and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent.
Genesis 10:2	The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.
Genesis 10:12	And Resen between Nineveh and Calah: the same is a great city.
Genesis 10:22	The children of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram.
Genesis 10:32	These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their generations, in their nations: and by these were the nations divided in the earth after the flood.
Genesis 11:10	These are the generations of Shem: Shem was an hundred years old, and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood:
Genesis 11:20	And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug:
Genesis 11:30	But Sarai was barren; she had no child.
Genesis 12:8	And he removed from thence unto a mountain on the east of Bethel, and pitched his tent, having Bethel on the west, and Hai on the east: and there he builded an altar unto the LORD, and called upon the name of the LORD.
Genesis 12:18	And Pharaoh called Abram and said, What is this that thou hast done unto me? why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife?
Genesis 13:8	And Abram said unto Lot, Let there be no strife, I pray thee, between me and thee, and between my herdmen and thy herdmen; for we be brethren.
Genesis 13:18	Then Abram removed his tent, and came and dwelt in the plain of Mamre, which is in Hebron, and built there an altar unto the LORD.
Genesis 14:10	And the vale of Siddim was full of slime pits; and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and fell there; and they that remained fled to the mountain.
Genesis 14:20	And blessed be the most high God, which hath delivered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him tithes of all.
Genesis 15:6	And he believed in the LORD; and he counted it to him for righteousness.
Genesis 15:16	But in the fourth generation they shall come hither again: for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full.
Genesis 16:5	And Sarai said unto Abram, My wrong be upon thee: I have given my maid into thy bosom; and when she saw that she had conceived, I was despised in her eyes: the LORD judge between me and thee.
Genesis 16:15	And Hagar bare Abram a son: and Abram called his son's name, which Hagar bare, Ishmael.
Genesis 17:9	And God said unto Abraham, Thou shalt keep my covenant therefore, thou, and thy seed after thee in their generations.
Genesis 17:19	And God said, Sarah thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed; and thou shalt call his name Isaac: and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant, and with his seed after him.
Genesis 18:2	And he lift up his eyes and looked, and, lo, three men stood by him: and when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself toward the ground,
Genesis 18:12	Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also?
Genesis 18:22	And the men turned their faces from thence, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the LORD.
Genesis 18:32	And he said, Oh let not the LORD be angry, and I will speak yet but this once: Peradventure ten shall be found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for ten's sake.
Genesis 19:9	And they said, Stand back. And they said again, This one fellow came in to sojourn, and he will needs be a judge: now will we deal worse with thee, than with them. And they pressed sore upon the man, even Lot, and came near to break the door.
Genesis 19:19	Behold now, thy servant hath found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou hast showed unto me in saving my life; and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest some evil take me, and I die:
Genesis 19:29	And it came to pass, when God destroyed the cities of the plain, that God remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow, when he overthrew the cities in the which Lot dwelt.
Genesis 20:1	And Abraham journeyed from thence toward the south country, and dwelled between Kadesh and Shur, and sojourned in Gerar.
Genesis 20:11	And Abraham said, Because I thought, Surely the fear of God is not in this place; and they will slay me for my wife's sake.
Genesis 21:3	And Abraham called the name of his son that was born unto him, whom Sarah bare to him, Isaac.
Genesis 21:13	And also of the son of the bondwoman will I make a nation, because he is thy seed.
Genesis 21:23	Now therefore swear unto me here by God that thou wilt not deal falsely with me, nor with my son, nor with my son's son: but according to the kindness that I have done unto thee, thou shalt do unto me, and to the land wherein thou hast sojourned.
Genesis 21:33	And Abraham planted a grove in Beersheba, and called there on the name of the LORD, the everlasting God.
Genesis 22:9	And they came to the place which God had told him of; and Abraham built an altar there, and laid the wood in order, and bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar upon the wood.
Genesis 22:19	So Abraham returned unto his young men, and they rose up and went together to Beersheba; and Abraham dwelt at Beersheba.
Genesis 23:5	And the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying unto him,
Genesis 23:15	My lord, hearken unto me: the land is worth four hundred shekels of silver; what is that betwixt me and thee? bury therefore thy dead.
Genesis 24:5	And the servant said unto him, Peradventure the woman will not be willing to follow me unto this land: must I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest?
Genesis 24:15	And it came to pass, before he had done speaking, that, behold, Rebekah came out, who was born to Bethuel, son of Milcah, the wife of Nahor, Abraham's brother, with her pitcher upon her shoulder.
Genesis 24:25	She said moreover unto him, We have both straw and provender enough, and room to lodge in.
Genesis 24:35	And the LORD hath blessed my master greatly; and he is become great: and he hath given him flocks, and herds, and silver, and gold, and menservants, and maidservants, and camels, and asses.
Genesis 24:45	And before I had done speaking in mine heart, behold, Rebekah came forth with her pitcher on her shoulder; and she went down unto the well, and drew water: and I said unto her, Let me drink, I pray thee.
Genesis 24:55	And her brother and her mother said, Let the damsel abide with us a few days, at the least ten; after that she shall go.
Genesis 24:65	For she had said unto the servant, What man is this that walketh in the field to meet us? And the servant had said, It is my master: therefore she took a vail, and covered herself.
Genesis 25:8	Then Abraham gave up the ghost, and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people.
Genesis 25:18	And they dwelt from Havilah unto Shur, that is before Egypt, as thou goest toward Assyria: and he died in the presence of all his brethren.
Genesis 25:28	And Isaac loved Esau, because he did eat of his venison: but Rebekah loved Jacob.
Genesis 26:4	And I will make thy seed to multiply as the stars of heaven, and will give unto thy seed all these countries; and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed;
Genesis 26:14	For he had possession of flocks, and possession of herds, and great store of servants: and the Philistines envied him.
Genesis 26:24	And the LORD appeared unto him the same night, and said, I am the God of Abraham thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will bless thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake.
Genesis 26:34	And Esau was forty years old when he took to wife Judith the daughter of Beeri the Hittite, and Bashemath the daughter of Elon the Hittite:
Genesis 27:9	Go now to the flock, and fetch me from thence two good kids of the goats; and I will make them savory meat for thy father, such as he loveth:
Genesis 27:19	And Jacob said unto his father, I am Esau thy first born; I have done according as thou badest me: arise, I pray thee, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me.
Genesis 27:29	Let people serve thee, and nations bow down to thee: be lord over thy brethren, and let thy mother's sons bow down to thee: cursed be every one that curseth thee, and blessed be he that blesseth thee.
Genesis 27:39	And Isaac his father answered and said unto him, Behold, thy dwelling shall be the fatness of the earth, and of the dew of heaven from above;
Genesis 28:3	And God Almighty bless thee, and make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, that thou mayest be a multitude of people;
Genesis 28:13	And, behold, the LORD stood above it, and said, I am the LORD God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac: the land whereon thou liest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed;
Genesis 29:1	Then Jacob went on his journey, and came into the land of the people of the east.
Genesis 29:11	And Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice, and wept.
Genesis 29:21	And Jacob said unto Laban, Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go in unto her.
Genesis 29:31	And when the LORD saw that Leah was hated, he opened her womb: but Rachel was barren.
Genesis 30:6	And Rachel said, God hath judged me, and hath also heard my voice, and hath given me a son: therefore called she his name Dan.
Genesis 30:16	And Jacob came out of the field in the evening, and Leah went out to meet him, and said, Thou must come in unto me; for surely I have hired thee with my son's mandrakes. And he lay with her that night.
Genesis 30:26	Give me my wives and my children, for whom I have served thee, and let me go: for thou knowest my service which I have done thee.
Genesis 30:36	And he set three days' journey betwixt himself and Jacob: and Jacob fed the rest of Laban's flocks.
Genesis 31:3	And the LORD said unto Jacob, Return unto the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred; and I will be with thee.
Genesis 31:13	I am the God of Bethel, where thou anointedst the pillar, and where thou vowedst a vow unto me: now arise, get thee out from this land, and return unto the land of thy kindred.
Genesis 31:23	And he took his brethren with him, and pursued after him seven days' journey; and they overtook him in the mount Gilead.
Genesis 31:33	And Laban went into Jacob's tent, and into Leah's tent, and into the two maidservants' tents; but he found them not. Then went he out of Leah's tent, and entered into Rachel's tent.
Genesis 31:43	And Laban answered and said unto Jacob, These daughters are my daughters, and these children are my children, and these cattle are my cattle, and all that thou seest is mine: and what can I do this day unto these my daughters, or unto their children which they have born?
Genesis 31:53	The God of Abraham, and the God of Nahor, the God of their father, judge betwixt us. And Jacob sware by the fear of his father Isaac.
Genesis 32:8	And said, If Esau come to the one company, and smite it, then the other company which is left shall escape.
Genesis 32:18	Then thou shalt say, They be thy servant Jacob's; it is a present sent unto my lord Esau: and, behold, also he is behind us.
Genesis 32:28	And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed.
Genesis 33:6	Then the handmaidens came near, they and their children, and they bowed themselves.
Genesis 33:16	So Esau returned that day on his way unto Seir.
Genesis 34:6	And Hamor the father of Shechem went out unto Jacob to commune with him.
Genesis 34:16	Then will we give our daughters unto you, and we will take your daughters to us, and we will dwell with you, and we will become one people.
Genesis 34:26	And they slew Hamor and Shechem his son with the edge of the sword, and took Dinah out of Shechem's house, and went out.
Genesis 35:5	And they journeyed: and the terror of God was upon the cities that were round about them, and they did not pursue after the sons of Jacob.
Genesis 35:15	And Jacob called the name of the place where God spake with him, Bethel.
Genesis 35:25	And the sons of Bilhah, Rachel's handmaid; Dan, and Naphtali:
Genesis 36:6	And Esau took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his house, and his cattle, and all his beasts, and all his substance, which he had got in the land of Canaan; and went into the country from the face of his brother Jacob.
Genesis 36:16	Duke Korah, duke Gatam, and duke Amalek: these are the dukes that came of Eliphaz in the land of Edom; these were the sons of Adah.
Genesis 36:26	And these are the children of Dishon; Hemdan, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran.
Genesis 36:36	And Hadad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.
Genesis 37:3	Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colors.
Genesis 37:13	And Israel said unto Joseph, Do not thy brethren feed the flock in Shechem? come, and I will send thee unto them. And he said to him, Here am I.
Genesis 37:23	And it came to pass, when Joseph was come unto his brethren, that they stripped Joseph out of his coat, his coat of many colors that was on him;
Genesis 37:33	And he knew it, and said, It is my son's coat; an evil beast hath devoured him; Joseph is without doubt rent in pieces.
Genesis 38:7	And Er, Judah's firstborn, was wicked in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD slew him.
Genesis 38:17	And he said, I will send thee a kid from the flock. And she said, Wilt thou give me a pledge, till thou send it?
Genesis 38:27	And it came to pass in the time of her travail, that, behold, twins were in her womb.
Genesis 39:7	And it came to pass after these things, that his master's wife cast her eyes upon Joseph; and she said, Lie with me.
Genesis 39:17	And she spake unto him according to these words, saying, The Hebrew servant, which thou hast brought unto us, came in unto me to mock me:
Genesis 40:4	And the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them, and he served them: and they continued a season in ward.
Genesis 40:14	But think on me when it shall be well with thee, and show kindness, I pray thee, unto me, and make mention of me unto Pharaoh, and bring me out of this house:
Genesis 41:1	And it came to pass at the end of two full years, that Pharaoh dreamed: and, behold, he stood by the river.
Genesis 41:11	And we dreamed a dream in one night, I and he; we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream.
Genesis 41:21	And when they had eaten them up, it could not be known that they had eaten them; but they were still ill favored, as at the beginning. So I awoke.
Genesis 41:31	And the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of that famine following; for it shall be very grievous.
Genesis 41:41	And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, See, I have set thee over all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:51	And Joseph called the name of the firstborn Manasseh: For God, said he, hath made me forget all my toil, and all my father's house.
Genesis 42:4	But Benjamin, Joseph's brother, Jacob sent not with his brethren; for he said, Lest peradventure mischief befall him.
Genesis 42:14	And Joseph said unto them, That is it that I spake unto you, saying, Ye are spies:
Genesis 42:24	And he turned himself about from them, and wept; and returned to them again, and communed with them, and took from them Simeon, and bound him before their eyes.
Genesis 42:34	And bring your youngest brother unto me: then shall I know that ye are no spies, but that ye are true men: so will I deliver you your brother, and ye shall traffic in the land.
Genesis 43:6	And Israel said, Wherefore dealt ye so ill with me, as to tell the man whether ye had yet a brother?
Genesis 43:16	And when Joseph saw Benjamin with them, he said to the ruler of his house, Bring these men home, and slay, and make ready; for these men shall dine with me at noon.
Genesis 43:26	And when Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed themselves to him to the earth.
Genesis 44:2	And put my cup, the silver cup, in the sack's mouth of the youngest, and his corn money. And he did according to the word that Joseph had spoken.
Genesis 44:12	And he searched, and began at the eldest, and left at the youngest: and the cup was found in Benjamin's sack.
Genesis 44:22	And we said unto my lord, The lad cannot leave his father: for if he should leave his father, his father would die.
Genesis 44:32	For thy servant became surety for the lad unto my father, saying, If I bring him not unto thee, then I shall bear the blame to my father for ever.
Genesis 45:8	So now it was not you that sent me hither, but God: and he hath made me a father to Pharaoh, and lord of all his house, and a ruler throughout all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 45:18	And take your father and your households, and come unto me: and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt, and ye shall eat the fat of the land.
Genesis 45:28	And Israel said, It is enough; Joseph my son is yet alive: I will go and see him before I die.
Genesis 46:10	And the sons of Simeon; Jemuel, and Jamin, and Ohad, and Jachin, and Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman.
Genesis 46:20	And unto Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim, which Asenath the daughter of Potipherah priest of On bare unto him.
Genesis 46:30	And Israel said unto Joseph, Now let me die, since I have seen thy face, because thou art yet alive.
Genesis 47:6	The land of Egypt is before thee; in the best of the land make thy father and brethren to dwell; in the land of Goshen let them dwell: and if thou knowest any men of activity among them, then make them rulers over my cattle.
Genesis 47:16	And Joseph said, Give your cattle; and I will give you for your cattle, if money fail.
Genesis 47:26	And Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt unto this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth part, except the land of the priests only, which became not Pharaoh's.
Genesis 48:5	And now thy two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, which were born unto thee in the land of Egypt before I came unto thee into Egypt, are mine; as Reuben and Simeon, they shall be mine.
Genesis 48:15	And he blessed Joseph, and said, God, before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac did walk, the God which fed me all my life long unto this day,
Genesis 49:3	Reuben, thou art my firstborn, my might, and the beginning of my strength, the excellency of dignity, and the excellency of power:
Genesis 49:13	Zebulun shall dwell at the haven of the sea; and he shall be for an haven of ships; and his border shall be unto Zidon.
Genesis 49:23	The archers have sorely grieved him, and shot at him, and hated him:
Genesis 49:33	And when Jacob had made an end of commanding his sons, he gathered up his feet into the bed, and yielded up the ghost, and was gathered unto his people.
Genesis 50:10	And they came to the threshingfloor of Atad, which is beyond Jordan, and there they mourned with a great and very sore lamentation: and he made a mourning for his father seven days.
Genesis 50:20	But as for you, ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive.
Exodus 1:4	Dan, and Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.
Exodus 1:14	And they made their lives bitter with hard bondage, in mortar, and in brick, and in all manner of service in the field: all their service, wherein they made them serve, was with rigor.
Exodus 2:2	And the woman conceived, and bare a son: and when she saw him that he was a goodly child, she hid him three months.
Exodus 2:12	And he looked this way and that way, and when he saw that there was no man, he slew the Egyptian, and hid him in the sand.
Exodus 2:22	And she bare him a son, and he called his name Gershom: for he said, I have been a stranger in a strange land.
Exodus 3:7	And the LORD said, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters; for I know their sorrows;
Exodus 3:17	And I have said, I will bring you up out of the affliction of Egypt unto the land of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, unto a land flowing with milk and honey.
Exodus 4:5	That they may believe that the LORD God of their fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, hath appeared unto thee.
Exodus 4:15	And thou shalt speak unto him, and put words in his mouth: and I will be with thy mouth, and with his mouth, and will teach you what ye shall do.
Exodus 4:25	Then Zipporah took a sharp stone, and cut off the foreskin of her son, and cast it at his feet, and said, Surely a bloody husband art thou to me.
Exodus 5:4	And the king of Egypt said unto them, Wherefore do ye, Moses and Aaron, let the people from their works? get you unto your burdens.
Exodus 5:14	And the officers of the children of Israel, which Pharaoh's taskmasters had set over them, were beaten, and demanded, Wherefore have ye not fulfilled your task in making brick both yesterday and to day, as heretofore?
Exodus 6:1	Then the LORD said unto Moses, Now shalt thou see what I will do to Pharaoh: for with a strong hand shall he let them go, and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of his land.
Exodus 6:11	Go in, speak unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, that he let the children of Israel go out of his land.
Exodus 6:21	And the sons of Izhar; Korah, and Nepheg, and Zichri.
Exodus 7:1	And the LORD said unto Moses, See, I have made thee a god to Pharaoh: and Aaron thy brother shall be thy prophet.
Exodus 7:11	Then Pharaoh also called the wise men and the sorcerers: now the magicians of Egypt, they also did in like manner with their enchantments.
Exodus 7:21	And the fish that was in the river died; and the river stank, and the Egyptians could not drink of the water of the river; and there was blood throughout all the land of Egypt.
Exodus 8:6	And Aaron stretched out his hand over the waters of Egypt; and the frogs came up, and covered the land of Egypt.
Exodus 8:16	And the LORD said unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch out thy rod, and smite the dust of the land, that it may become lice throughout all the land of Egypt.
Exodus 8:26	And Moses said, It is not meet so to do; for we shall sacrifice the abomination of the Egyptians to the LORD our God: lo, shall we sacrifice the abomination of the Egyptians before their eyes, and will they not stone us?
Exodus 9:4	And the LORD shall sever between the cattle of Israel and the cattle of Egypt: and there shall nothing die of all that is the children's of Israel.
Exodus 9:14	For I will at this time send all my plagues upon thine heart, and upon thy servants, and upon thy people; that thou mayest know that there is none like me in all the earth.
Exodus 9:24	So there was hail, and fire mingled with the hail, very grievous, such as there was none like it in all the land of Egypt since it became a nation.
Exodus 9:34	And when Pharaoh saw that the rain and the hail and the thunders were ceased, he sinned yet more, and hardened his heart, he and his servants.
Exodus 10:9	And Moses said, We will go with our young and with our old, with our sons and with our daughters, with our flocks and with our herds will we go; for we must hold a feast unto the LORD.
Exodus 10:19	And the LORD turned a mighty strong west wind, which took away the locusts, and cast them into the Red sea; there remained not one locust in all the coasts of Egypt.
Exodus 10:29	And Moses said, Thou hast spoken well, I will see thy face again no more.
Exodus 11:10	And Moses and Aaron did all these wonders before Pharaoh: and the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, so that he would not let the children of Israel go out of his land.
Exodus 12:10	And ye shall let nothing of it remain until the morning; and that which remaineth of it until the morning ye shall burn with fire.
Exodus 12:20	Ye shall eat nothing leavened; in all your habitations shall ye eat unleavened bread.
Exodus 12:30	And Pharaoh rose up in the night, he, and all his servants, and all the Egyptians; and there was a great cry in Egypt; for there was not a house where there was not one dead.
Exodus 12:40	Now the sojourning of the children of Israel, who dwelt in Egypt, was four hundred and thirty years.
Exodus 12:50	Thus did all the children of Israel; as the LORD commanded Moses and Aaron, so did they.
Exodus 13:9	And it shall be for a sign unto thee upon thine hand, and for a memorial between thine eyes, that the LORD's law may be in thy mouth: for with a strong hand hath the LORD brought thee out of Egypt.
Exodus 13:19	And Moses took the bones of Joseph with him: for he had straitly sworn the children of Israel, saying, God will surely visit you; and ye shall carry up my bones away hence with you.
Exodus 14:7	And he took six hundred chosen chariots, and all the chariots of Egypt, and captains over every one of them.
Exodus 14:17	And I, behold, I will harden the hearts of the Egyptians, and they shall follow them: and I will get me honor upon Pharaoh, and upon all his host, upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen.
Exodus 14:27	And Moses stretched forth his hand over the sea, and the sea returned to his strength when the morning appeared; and the Egyptians fled against it; and the LORD overthrew the Egyptians in the midst of the sea.
Exodus 15:6	Thy right hand, O LORD, is become glorious in power: thy right hand, O LORD, hath dashed in pieces the enemy.
Exodus 15:16	Fear and dread shall fall upon them; by the greatness of thine arm they shall be as still as a stone; till thy people pass over, O LORD, till the people pass over, which thou hast purchased.
Exodus 15:26	And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that healeth thee.
Exodus 16:9	And Moses spake unto Aaron, Say unto all the congregation of the children of Israel, Come near before the LORD: for he hath heard your murmurings.
Exodus 16:19	And Moses said, Let no man leave of it till the morning.
Exodus 16:29	See, for that the LORD hath given you the sabbath, therefore he giveth you on the sixth day the bread of two days; abide ye every man in his place, let no man go out of his place on the seventh day.
Exodus 17:3	And the people thirsted there for water; and the people murmured against Moses, and said, Wherefore is this that thou hast brought us up out of Egypt, to kill us and our children and our cattle with thirst?
Exodus 17:13	And Joshua discomfited Amalek and his people with the edge of the sword.
Exodus 18:7	And Moses went out to meet his father in law, and did obeisance, and kissed him; and they asked each other of their welfare; and they came into the tent.
Exodus 18:17	And Moses' father in law said unto him, The thing that thou doest is not good.
Exodus 18:27	And Moses let his father in law depart; and he went his way into his own land.
Exodus 19:10	And the LORD said unto Moses, Go unto the people, and sanctify them to day and to morrow, and let them wash their clothes,
Exodus 19:20	And the LORD came down upon mount Sinai, on the top of the mount: and the LORD called Moses up to the top of the mount; and Moses went up.
Exodus 20:5	Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;
Exodus 20:15	Thou shalt not steal.
Exodus 20:25	And if thou wilt make me an altar of stone, thou shalt not build it of hewn stone: for if thou lift up thy tool upon it, thou hast polluted it.
Exodus 21:9	And if he have betrothed her unto his son, he shall deal with her after the manner of daughters.
Exodus 21:19	If he rise again, and walk abroad upon his staff, then shall he that smote him be quit: only he shall pay for the loss of his time, and shall cause him to be thoroughly healed.
Exodus 21:29	But if the ox were wont to push with his horn in time past, and it hath been testified to his owner, and he hath not kept him in, but that he hath killed a man or a woman; the ox shall be stoned, and his owner also shall be put to death.
Exodus 22:3	If the sun be risen upon him, there shall be blood shed for him; for he should make full restitution; if he have nothing, then he shall be sold for his theft.
Exodus 22:13	If it be torn in pieces, then let him bring it for witness, and he shall not make good that which was torn.
Exodus 22:23	If thou afflict them in any wise, and they cry at all unto me, I will surely hear their cry;
Exodus 23:2	Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil; neither shalt thou speak in a cause to decline after many to wrest judgment:
Exodus 23:12	Six days thou shalt do thy work, and on the seventh day thou shalt rest: that thine ox and thine ass may rest, and the son of thy handmaid, and the stranger, may be refreshed.
Exodus 23:22	But if thou shalt indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak; then I will be an enemy unto thine enemies, and an adversary unto thine adversaries.
Exodus 23:32	Thou shalt make no covenant with them, nor with their gods.
Exodus 24:9	Then went up Moses, and Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel:
Exodus 25:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 25:11	And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, within and without shalt thou overlay it, and shalt make upon it a crown of gold round about.
Exodus 25:21	And thou shalt put the mercy seat above upon the ark; and in the ark thou shalt put the testimony that I shall give thee.
Exodus 25:31	And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold: of beaten work shall the candlestick be made: his shaft, and his branches, his bowls, his knops, and his flowers, shall be of the same.
Exodus 26:1	Moreover thou shalt make the tabernacle with ten curtains of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet: with cherubim of cunning work shalt thou make them.
Exodus 26:11	And thou shalt make fifty taches of brass, and put the taches into the loops, and couple the tent together, that it may be one.
Exodus 26:21	And their forty sockets of silver; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board.
Exodus 26:31	And thou shalt make a vail of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen of cunning work: with cherubim shall it be made:
Exodus 27:4	And thou shalt make for it a grate of network of brass; and upon the net shalt thou make four brazen rings in the four corners thereof.
Exodus 27:14	The hangings of one side of the gate shall be fifteen cubits: their pillars three, and their sockets three.
Exodus 28:3	And thou shalt speak unto all that are wise hearted, whom I have filled with the spirit of wisdom, that they may make Aaron's garments to consecrate him, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office.
Exodus 28:13	And thou shalt make ouches of gold;
Exodus 28:23	And thou shalt make upon the breastplate two rings of gold, and shalt put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate.
Exodus 28:33	And beneath upon the hem of it thou shalt make pomegranates of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, round about the hem thereof; and bells of gold between them round about:
Exodus 28:43	And they shall be upon Aaron, and upon his sons, when they come in unto the tabernacle of the congregation, or when they come near unto the altar to minister in the holy place; that they bear not iniquity, and die: it shall be a statute for ever unto him and his seed after him.
Exodus 29:10	And thou shalt cause a bullock to be brought before the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the bullock.
Exodus 29:20	Then shalt thou kill the ram, and take of his blood, and put it upon the tip of the right ear of Aaron, and upon the tip of the right ear of his sons, and upon the thumb of their right hand, and upon the great toe of their right foot, and sprinkle the blood upon the altar round about.
Exodus 29:30	And that son that is priest in his stead shall put them on seven days, when he cometh into the tabernacle of the congregation to minister in the holy place.
Exodus 29:40	And with the one lamb a tenth deal of flour mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil; and the fourth part of an hin of wine for a drink offering.
Exodus 30:4	And two golden rings shalt thou make to it under the crown of it, by the two corners thereof, upon the two sides of it shalt thou make it; and they shall be for places for the staves to bear it withal.
Exodus 30:14	Every one that passeth among them that are numbered, from twenty years old and above, shall give an offering unto the LORD.
Exodus 30:24	And of cassia five hundred shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary, and of oil olive an hin:
Exodus 30:34	And the LORD said unto Moses, Take unto thee sweet spices, stacte, and onycha, and galbanum; these sweet spices with pure frankincense: of each shall there be a like weight:
Exodus 31:6	And I, behold, I have given with him Aholiab, the son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan: and in the hearts of all that are wise hearted I have put wisdom, that they may make all that I have commanded thee;
Exodus 31:16	Wherefore the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath, to observe the sabbath throughout their generations, for a perpetual covenant.
Exodus 32:8	They have turned aside quickly out of the way which I commanded them: they have made them a molten calf, and have worshipped it, and have sacrificed thereunto, and said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which have brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.
Exodus 32:18	And he said, It is not the voice of them that shout for mastery, neither is it the voice of them that cry for being overcome: but the noise of them that sing do I hear.
Exodus 32:28	And the children of Levi did according to the word of Moses: and there fell of the people that day about three thousand men.
Exodus 33:3	Unto a land flowing with milk and honey: for I will not go up in the midst of thee; for thou art a stiffnecked people: lest I consume thee in the way.
Exodus 33:13	Now therefore, I pray thee, if I have found grace in thy sight, show me now thy way, that I may know thee, that I may find grace in thy sight: and consider that this nation is thy people.
Exodus 33:23	And I will take away mine hand, and thou shalt see my back parts: but my face shall not be seen.
Exodus 34:10	And he said, Behold, I make a covenant: before all thy people I will do marvels, such as have not been done in all the earth, nor in any nation: and all the people among which thou art shall see the work of the LORD: for it is a terrible thing that I will do with thee.
Exodus 34:20	But the firstling of an ass thou shalt redeem with a lamb: and if thou redeem him not, then shalt thou break his neck. All the firstborn of thy sons thou shalt redeem. And none shall appear before me empty.
Exodus 34:30	And when Aaron and all the children of Israel saw Moses, behold, the skin of his face shone; and they were afraid to come nigh him.
Exodus 35:5	Take ye from among you an offering unto the LORD: whosoever is of a willing heart, let him bring it, an offering of the LORD; gold, and silver, and brass,
Exodus 35:15	And the incense altar, and his staves, and the anointing oil, and the sweet incense, and the hanging for the door at the entering in of the tabernacle,
Exodus 35:25	And all the women that were wise hearted did spin with their hands, and brought that which they had spun, both of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of fine linen.
Exodus 35:35	Them hath he filled with wisdom of heart, to work all manner of work, of the engraver, and of the cunning workman, and of the embroiderer, in blue, and in purple, in scarlet, and in fine linen, and of the weaver, even of them that do any work, and of those that devise cunning work.
Exodus 36:10	And he coupled the five curtains one unto another: and the other five curtains he coupled one unto another.
Exodus 36:20	And he made boards for the tabernacle of shittim wood, standing up.
Exodus 36:30	And there were eight boards; and their sockets were sixteen sockets of silver, under every board two sockets.
Exodus 37:2	And he overlaid it with pure gold within and without, and made a crown of gold to it round about.
Exodus 37:12	Also he made thereunto a border of an handbreadth round about; and made a crown of gold for the border thereof round about.
Exodus 37:22	Their knops and their branches were of the same: all of it was one beaten work of pure gold.
Exodus 38:3	And he made all the vessels of the altar, the pots, and the shovels, and the basins, and the fleshhooks, and the firepans: all the vessels thereof made he of brass.
Exodus 38:13	And for the east side eastward fifty cubits.
Exodus 38:23	And with him was Aholiab, son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan, an engraver, and a cunning workman, and an embroiderer in blue, and in purple, and in scarlet, and fine linen.
Exodus 39:2	And he made the ephod of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Exodus 39:12	And the third row, a ligure, an agate, and an amethyst.
Exodus 39:22	And he made the robe of the ephod of woven work, all of blue.
Exodus 39:32	Thus was all the work of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation finished: and the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so did they.
Exodus 39:42	According to all that the LORD commanded Moses, so the children of Israel made all the work.
Exodus 40:9	And thou shalt take the anointing oil, and anoint the tabernacle, and all that is therein, and shalt hallow it, and all the vessels thereof: and it shall be holy.
Exodus 40:19	And he spread abroad the tent over the tabernacle, and put the covering of the tent above upon it; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 40:29	And he put the altar of burnt offering by the door of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation, and offered upon it the burnt offering and the meat offering; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Leviticus 1:1	And the LORD called unto Moses, and spake unto him out of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying,
Leviticus 1:11	And he shall kill it on the side of the altar northward before the LORD: and the priests, Aaron's sons, shall sprinkle his blood round about upon the altar.
Leviticus 2:4	And if thou bring an oblation of a meat offering baked in the oven, it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mingled with oil, or unleavened wafers anointed with oil.
Leviticus 2:14	And if thou offer a meat offering of thy firstfruits unto the LORD, thou shalt offer for the meat offering of thy firstfruits green ears of corn dried by the fire, even corn beaten out of full ears.
Leviticus 3:8	And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering, and kill it before the tabernacle of the congregation: and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood thereof round about upon the altar.
Leviticus 4:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 4:11	And the skin of the bullock, and all his flesh, with his head, and with his legs, and his inwards, and his dung,
Leviticus 4:21	And he shall carry forth the bullock without the camp, and burn him as he burned the first bullock: it is a sin offering for the congregation.
Leviticus 4:31	And he shall take away all the fat thereof, as the fat is taken away from off the sacrifice of peace offerings; and the priest shall burn it upon the altar for a sweet savor unto the LORD; and the priest shall make an atonement for him, and it shall be forgiven him.
Leviticus 5:6	And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD for his sin which he hath sinned, a female from the flock, a lamb or a kid of the goats, for a sin offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for him concerning his sin.
Leviticus 5:16	And he shall make amends for the harm that he hath done in the holy thing, and shall add the fifth part thereto, and give it unto the priest: and the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of the trespass offering, and it shall be forgiven him.
Leviticus 6:7	And the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD: and it shall be forgiven him for any thing of all that he hath done in trespassing therein.
Leviticus 6:17	It shall not be baked with leaven. I have given it unto them for their portion of my offerings made by fire; it is most holy, as is the sin offering, and as the trespass offering.
Leviticus 6:27	Whatsoever shall touch the flesh thereof shall be holy: and when there is sprinkled of the blood thereof upon any garment, thou shalt wash that whereon it was sprinkled in the holy place.
Leviticus 7:7	As the sin offering is, so is the trespass offering: there is one law for them: the priest that maketh atonement therewith shall have it.
Leviticus 7:17	But the remainder of the flesh of the sacrifice on the third day shall be burnt with fire.
Leviticus 7:27	Whatsoever soul it be that eateth any manner of blood, even that soul shall be cut off from his people.
Leviticus 7:37	This is the law of the burnt offering, of the meat offering, and of the sin offering, and of the trespass offering, and of the consecrations, and of the sacrifice of the peace offerings;
Leviticus 8:9	And he put the mitre upon his head; also upon the mitre, even upon his forefront, did he put the golden plate, the holy crown; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Leviticus 8:19	And he killed it; and Moses sprinkled the blood upon the altar round about.
Leviticus 8:29	And Moses took the breast, and waved it for a wave offering before the LORD: for of the ram of consecration it was Moses' part; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Leviticus 9:3	And unto the children of Israel thou shalt speak, saying, Take ye a kid of the goats for a sin offering; and a calf and a lamb, both of the first year, without blemish, for a burnt offering;
Leviticus 9:13	And they presented the burnt offering unto him, with the pieces thereof, and the head: and he burnt them upon the altar.
Leviticus 9:23	And Moses and Aaron went into the tabernacle of the congregation, and came out, and blessed the people: and the glory of the LORD appeared unto all the people.
Leviticus 10:9	Do not drink wine nor strong drink, thou, nor thy sons with thee, when ye go into the tabernacle of the congregation, lest ye die: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations:
Leviticus 10:19	And Aaron said unto Moses, Behold, this day have they offered their sin offering and their burnt offering before the LORD; and such things have befallen me: and if I had eaten the sin offering to day, should it have been accepted in the sight of the LORD?
Leviticus 11:9	These shall ye eat of all that are in the waters: whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters, in the seas, and in the rivers, them shall ye eat.
Leviticus 11:19	And the stork, the heron after her kind, and the lapwing, and the bat.
Leviticus 11:29	These also shall be unclean unto you among the creeping things that creep upon the earth; the weasel, and the mouse, and the tortoise after his kind,
Leviticus 11:39	And if any beast, of which ye may eat, die; he that toucheth the carcass thereof shall be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 12:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If a woman have conceived seed, and born a man child: then she shall be unclean seven days; according to the days of the separation for her infirmity shall she be unclean.
Leviticus 13:4	If the bright spot be white in the skin of his flesh, and in sight be not deeper than the skin, and the hair thereof be not turned white; then the priest shall shut up him that hath the plague seven days:
Leviticus 13:14	But when raw flesh appeareth in him, he shall be unclean.
Leviticus 13:24	Or if there be any flesh, in the skin whereof there is a hot burning, and the quick flesh that burneth have a white bright spot, somewhat reddish, or white;
Leviticus 13:34	And in the seventh day the priest shall look on the scall: and, behold, if the scall be not spread in the skin, nor be in sight deeper than the skin; then the priest shall pronounce him clean: and he shall wash his clothes, and be clean.
Leviticus 13:44	He is a leprous man, he is unclean: the priest shall pronounce him utterly unclean; his plague is in his head.
Leviticus 13:54	Then the priest shall command that they wash the thing wherein the plague is, and he shall shut it up seven days more:
Leviticus 14:5	And the priest shall command that one of the birds be killed in an earthen vessel over running water:
Leviticus 14:15	And the priest shall take some of the log of oil, and pour it into the palm of his own left hand:
Leviticus 14:25	And he shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering, and the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering, and put it upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot:
Leviticus 14:35	And he that owneth the house shall come and tell the priest, saying, It seemeth to me there is as it were a plague in the house:
Leviticus 14:45	And he shall break down the house, the stones of it, and the timber thereof, and all the mortar of the house; and he shall carry them forth out of the city into an unclean place.
Leviticus 14:55	And for the leprosy of a garment, and of a house,
Leviticus 15:8	And if he that hath the issue spit upon him that is clean; then he shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 15:18	The woman also with whom man shall lie with seed of copulation, they shall both bathe themselves in water, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 15:28	But if she be cleansed of her issue, then she shall number to herself seven days, and after that she shall be clean.
Leviticus 16:5	And he shall take of the congregation of the children of Israel two kids of the goats for a sin offering, and one ram for a burnt offering.
Leviticus 16:15	Then shall he kill the goat of the sin offering, that is for the people, and bring his blood within the vail, and do with that blood as he did with the blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it upon the mercy seat, and before the mercy seat:
Leviticus 16:25	And the fat of the sin offering shall he burn upon the altar.
Leviticus 17:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 17:11	For the life of the flesh is in the blood: and I have given it to you upon the altar to make an atonement for your souls: for it is the blood that maketh an atonement for the soul.
Leviticus 18:5	Ye shall therefore keep my statutes, and my judgments: which if a man do, he shall live in them: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 18:15	Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy daughter in law: she is thy son's wife; thou shalt not uncover her nakedness.
Leviticus 18:25	And the land is defiled: therefore I do visit the iniquity thereof upon it, and the land itself vomiteth out her inhabitants.
Leviticus 19:5	And if ye offer a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD, ye shall offer it at your own will.
Leviticus 19:15	Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment: thou shalt not respect the person of the poor, nor honor the person of the mighty: but in righteousness shalt thou judge thy neighbor.
Leviticus 19:25	And in the fifth year shall ye eat of the fruit thereof, that it may yield unto you the increase thereof: I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 19:35	Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment, in meteyard, in weight, or in measure.
Leviticus 20:8	And ye shall keep my statutes, and do them: I am the LORD which sanctify you.
Leviticus 20:18	And if a man shall lie with a woman having her sickness, and shall uncover her nakedness; he hath discovered her fountain, and she hath uncovered the fountain of her blood: and both of them shall be cut off from among their people.
Leviticus 21:1	And the LORD said unto Moses, Speak unto the priests the sons of Aaron, and say unto them, There shall none be defiled for the dead among his people:
Leviticus 21:11	Neither shall he go in to any dead body, nor defile himself for his father, or for his mother;
Leviticus 21:21	No man that hath a blemish of the seed of Aaron the priest shall come nigh to offer the offerings of the LORD made by fire: he hath a blemish; he shall not come nigh to offer the bread of his God.
Leviticus 22:7	And when the sun is down, he shall be clean, and shall afterward eat of the holy things; because it is his food.
Leviticus 22:17	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 22:27	When a bullock, or a sheep, or a goat, is brought forth, then it shall be seven days under the dam; and from the eighth day and thenceforth it shall be accepted for an offering made by fire unto the LORD.
Leviticus 23:4	These are the feasts of the LORD, even holy convocations, which ye shall proclaim in their seasons.
Leviticus 23:14	And ye shall eat neither bread, nor parched corn, nor green ears, until the selfsame day that ye have brought an offering unto your God: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
Leviticus 23:24	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, In the seventh month, in the first day of the month, shall ye have a sabbath, a memorial of blowing of trumpets, an holy convocation.
Leviticus 23:34	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, The fifteenth day of this seventh month shall be the feast of tabernacles for seven days unto the LORD.
Leviticus 23:44	And Moses declared unto the children of Israel the feasts of the LORD.
Leviticus 24:10	And the son of an Israelitish woman, whose father was an Egyptian, went out among the children of Israel: and this son of the Israelitish woman and a man of Israel strove together in the camp;
Leviticus 24:20	Breach for breach, eye for eye, tooth for tooth: as he hath caused a blemish in a man, so shall it be done to him again.
Leviticus 25:7	And for thy cattle, and for the beast that are in thy land, shall all the increase thereof be meat.
Leviticus 25:17	Ye shall not therefore oppress one another; but thou shalt fear thy God: for I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 25:27	Then let him count the years of the sale thereof, and restore the overplus unto the man to whom he sold it; that he may return unto his possession.
Leviticus 25:37	Thou shalt not give him thy money upon usury, nor lend him thy victuals for increase.
Leviticus 25:47	And if a sojourner or stranger wax rich by thee, and thy brother that dwelleth by him wax poor, and sell himself unto the stranger or sojourner by thee, or to the stock of the stranger's family:
Leviticus 26:2	Ye shall keep my sabbaths, and reverence my sanctuary: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 26:12	And I will walk among you, and will be your God, and ye shall be my people.
Leviticus 26:22	I will also send wild beasts among you, which shall rob you of your children, and destroy your cattle, and make you few in number; and your high ways shall be desolate.
Leviticus 26:32	And I will bring the land into desolation: and your enemies which dwell therein shall be astonished at it.
Leviticus 26:42	Then will I remember my covenant with Jacob, and also my covenant with Isaac, and also my covenant with Abraham will I remember; and I will remember the land.
Leviticus 27:6	And if it be from a month old even unto five years old, then thy estimation shall be of the male five shekels of silver, and for the female thy estimation shall be three shekels of silver.
Leviticus 27:16	And if a man shall sanctify unto the LORD some part of a field of his possession, then thy estimation shall be according to the seed thereof: an homer of barley seed shall be valued at fifty shekels of silver.
Leviticus 27:26	Only the firstling of the beasts, which should be the LORD's firstling, no man shall sanctify it; whether it be ox, or sheep: it is the LORD's.
Numbers 1:2	Take ye the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, after their families, by the house of their fathers, with the number of their names, every male by their polls;
Numbers 1:12	Of Dan; Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.
Numbers 1:22	Of the children of Simeon, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, those that were numbered of them, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Numbers 1:32	Of the children of Joseph, namely, of the children of Ephraim, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Numbers 1:42	Of the children of Naphtali, throughout their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;
Numbers 1:52	And the children of Israel shall pitch their tents, every man by his own camp, and every man by his own standard, throughout their hosts.
Numbers 2:8	And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and seven thousand and four hundred.
Numbers 2:18	On the west side shall be the standard of the camp of Ephraim according to their armies: and the captain of the sons of Ephraim shall be Elishama the son of Ammihud.
Numbers 2:28	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty and one thousand and five hundred.
Numbers 3:4	And Nadab and Abihu died before the LORD, when they offered strange fire before the LORD, in the wilderness of Sinai, and they had no children: and Eleazar and Ithamar ministered in the priest's office in the sight of Aaron their father.
Numbers 3:14	And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, saying,
Numbers 3:24	And the chief of the house of the father of the Gershonites shall be Eliasaph the son of Lael.
Numbers 3:34	And those that were numbered of them, according to the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, were six thousand and two hundred.
Numbers 3:44	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 4:3	From thirty years old and upward even until fifty years old, all that enter into the host, to do the work in the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 4:13	And they shall take away the ashes from the altar, and spread a purple cloth thereon:
Numbers 4:23	From thirty years old and upward until fifty years old shalt thou number them; all that enter in to perform the service, to do the work in the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 4:33	This is the service of the families of the sons of Merari, according to all their service, in the tabernacle of the congregation, under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
Numbers 4:43	From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation,
Numbers 5:4	And the children of Israel did so, and put them out without the camp: as the LORD spake unto Moses, so did the children of Israel.
Numbers 5:14	And the spirit of jealousy come upon him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be defiled: or if the spirit of jealousy come upon him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be not defiled:
Numbers 5:24	And he shall cause the woman to drink the bitter water that causeth the curse: and the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her, and become bitter.
Numbers 6:3	He shall separate himself from wine and strong drink, and shall drink no vinegar of wine, or vinegar of strong drink, neither shall he drink any liquor of grapes, nor eat moist grapes, or dried.
Numbers 6:13	And this is the law of the Nazarite, when the days of his separation are fulfilled: he shall be brought unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation:
Numbers 6:23	Speak unto Aaron and unto his sons, saying, On this wise ye shall bless the children of Israel, saying unto them,
Numbers 7:6	And Moses took the wagons and the oxen, and gave them unto the Levites.
Numbers 7:16	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Numbers 7:26	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Numbers 7:36	On the fifth day Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai, prince of the children of Simeon, did offer:
Numbers 7:46	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Numbers 7:56	One golden spoon of ten shekels, full of incense:
Numbers 7:66	On the tenth day Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai, prince of the children of Dan, offered:
Numbers 7:76	One kid of the goats for a sin offering:
Numbers 7:86	The golden spoons were twelve, full of incense, weighing ten shekels apiece, after the shekel of the sanctuary: all the gold of the spoons was an hundred and twenty shekels.
Numbers 8:7	And thus shalt thou do unto them, to cleanse them: Sprinkle water of purifying upon them, and let them shave all their flesh, and let them wash their clothes, and so make themselves clean.
Numbers 8:17	For all the firstborn of the children of Israel are mine, both man and beast: on the day that I smote every firstborn in the land of Egypt I sanctified them for myself.
Numbers 9:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, in the first month of the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt, saying,
Numbers 9:11	The fourteenth day of the second month at even they shall keep it, and eat it with unleavened bread and bitter herbs.
Numbers 9:21	And so it was, when the cloud abode from even unto the morning, and that the cloud was taken up in the morning, then they journeyed: whether it was by day or by night that the cloud was taken up, they journeyed.
Numbers 10:8	And the sons of Aaron, the priests, shall blow with the trumpets; and they shall be to you for an ordinance for ever throughout your generations.
Numbers 10:18	And the standard of the camp of Reuben set forward according to their armies: and over his host was Elizur the son of Shedeur.
Numbers 10:28	Thus were the journeyings of the children of Israel according to their armies, when they set forward.
Numbers 11:2	And the people cried unto Moses; and when Moses prayed unto the LORD, the fire was quenched.
Numbers 11:12	Have I conceived all this people? have I begotten them, that thou shouldest say unto me, Carry them in thy bosom, as a nursing father beareth the sucking child, unto the land which thou swarest unto their fathers?
Numbers 11:22	Shall the flocks and the herds be slain for them, to suffice them? or shall all the fish of the sea be gathered together for them, to suffice them?
Numbers 11:32	And the people stood up all that day, and all that night, and all the next day, and they gathered the quails: he that gathered least gathered ten homers: and they spread them all abroad for themselves round about the camp.
Numbers 12:7	My servant Moses is not so, who is faithful in all mine house.
Numbers 13:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 13:11	Of the tribe of Joseph, namely, of the tribe of Manasseh, Gaddi the son of Susi.
Numbers 13:21	So they went up, and searched the land from the wilderness of Zin unto Rehob, as men come to Hamath.
Numbers 13:31	But the men that went up with him said, We be not able to go up against the people; for they are stronger than we.
Numbers 14:8	If the LORD delight in us, then he will bring us into this land, and give it us; a land which floweth with milk and honey.
Numbers 14:18	The LORD is long-suffering, and of great mercy, forgiving iniquity and transgression, and by no means clearing the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation.
Numbers 14:28	Say unto them, As truly as I live, saith the LORD, as ye have spoken in mine ears, so will I do to you:
Numbers 14:38	But Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Jephunneh, which were of the men that went to search the land, lived still.
Numbers 15:3	And will make an offering by fire unto the LORD, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice in performing a vow, or in a freewill offering, or in your solemn feasts, to make a sweet savor unto the LORD, of the herd or of the flock:
Numbers 15:13	All that are born of the country shall do these things after this manner, in offering an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD.
Numbers 15:23	Even all that the LORD hath commanded you by the hand of Moses, from the day that the LORD commanded Moses, and henceforward among your generations;
Numbers 15:33	And they that found him gathering sticks brought him unto Moses and Aaron, and unto all the congregation.
Numbers 16:2	And they rose up before Moses, with certain of the children of Israel, two hundred and fifty princes of the assembly, famous in the congregation, men of renown:
Numbers 16:12	And Moses sent to call Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab: which said, We will not come up:
Numbers 16:22	And they fell upon their faces, and said, O God, the God of the spirits of all flesh, shall one man sin, and wilt thou be wroth with all the congregation?
Numbers 16:32	And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and their houses, and all the men that appertained unto Korah, and all their goods.
Numbers 16:42	And it came to pass, when the congregation was gathered against Moses and against Aaron, that they looked toward the tabernacle of the congregation: and, behold, the cloud covered it, and the glory of the LORD appeared.
Numbers 17:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and take of every one of them a rod according to the house of their fathers, of all their princes according to the house of their fathers twelve rods: write thou every man's name upon his rod.
Numbers 17:12	And the children of Israel spake unto Moses, saying, Behold, we die, we perish, we all perish.
Numbers 18:9	This shall be thine of the most holy things, reserved from the fire: every oblation of theirs, every meat offering of theirs, and every sin offering of theirs, and every trespass offering of theirs which they shall render unto me, shall be most holy for thee and for thy sons.
Numbers 18:19	All the heave offerings of the holy things, which the children of Israel offer unto the LORD, have I given thee, and thy sons and thy daughters with thee, by a statute for ever: it is a covenant of salt for ever before the LORD unto thee and to thy seed with thee.
Numbers 18:29	Out of all your gifts ye shall offer every heave offering of the LORD, of all the best thereof, even the hallowed part thereof out of it.
Numbers 19:7	Then the priest shall wash his clothes, and he shall bathe his flesh in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp, and the priest shall be unclean until the even.
Numbers 19:17	And for an unclean person they shall take of the ashes of the burnt heifer of purification for sin, and running water shall be put thereto in a vessel:
Numbers 20:5	And wherefore have ye made us to come up out of Egypt, to bring us in unto this evil place? it is no place of seed, or of figs, or of vines, or of pomegranates; neither is there any water to drink.
Numbers 20:15	How our fathers went down into Egypt, and we have dwelt in Egypt a long time; and the Egyptians vexed us, and our fathers:
Numbers 20:25	Take Aaron and Eleazar his son, and bring them up unto mount Hor:
Numbers 21:6	And the LORD sent fiery serpents among the people, and they bit the people; and much people of Israel died.
Numbers 21:16	And from thence they went to Beer: that is the well whereof the LORD spake unto Moses, Gather the people together, and I will give them water.
Numbers 21:26	For Heshbon was the city of Sihon the king of the Amorites, who had fought against the former king of Moab, and taken all his land out of his hand, even unto Arnon.
Numbers 22:1	And the children of Israel set forward, and pitched in the plains of Moab on this side Jordan by Jericho.
Numbers 22:11	Behold, there is a people come out of Egypt, which covereth the face of the earth: come now, curse me them; peradventure I shall be able to overcome them, and drive them out.
Numbers 22:21	And Balaam rose up in the morning, and saddled his ass, and went with the princes of Moab.
Numbers 22:31	Then the LORD opened the eyes of Balaam, and he saw the angel of the LORD standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand: and he bowed down his head, and fell flat on his face.
Numbers 22:41	And it came to pass on the morrow, that Balak took Balaam, and brought him up into the high places of Baal, that thence he might see the utmost part of the people.
Numbers 23:10	Who can count the dust of Jacob, and the number of the fourth part of Israel? Let me die the death of the righteous, and let my last end be like his!
Numbers 23:20	Behold, I have received commandment to bless: and he hath blessed; and I cannot reverse it.
Numbers 23:30	And Balak did as Balaam had said, and offered a bullock and a ram on every altar.
Numbers 24:10	And Balak's anger was kindled against Balaam, and he smote his hands together: and Balak said unto Balaam, I called thee to curse mine enemies, and, behold, thou hast altogether blessed them these three times.
Numbers 24:20	And when he looked on Amalek, he took up his parable, and said, Amalek was the first of the nations; but his latter end shall be that he perish for ever.
Numbers 25:5	And Moses said unto the judges of Israel, Slay ye every one his men that were joined unto Baalpeor.
Numbers 25:15	And the name of the Midianitish woman that was slain was Cozbi, the daughter of Zur; he was head over a people, and of a chief house in Midian.
Numbers 26:7	These are the families of the Reubenites: and they that were numbered of them were forty and three thousand and seven hundred and thirty.
Numbers 26:17	Of Arod, the family of the Arodites: of Areli, the family of the Arelites.
Numbers 26:27	These are the families of the Zebulunites according to those that were numbered of them, threescore thousand and five hundred.
Numbers 26:37	These are the families of the sons of Ephraim according to those that were numbered of them, thirty and two thousand and five hundred. These are the sons of Joseph after their families.
Numbers 26:47	These are the families of the sons of Asher according to those that were numbered of them; who were fifty and three thousand and four hundred.
Numbers 26:57	And these are they that were numbered of the Levites after their families: of Gershon, the family of the Gershonites: of Kohath, the family of the Kohathites: of Merari, the family of the Merarites.
Numbers 27:2	And they stood before Moses, and before Eleazar the priest, and before the princes and all the congregation, by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying,
Numbers 27:12	And the LORD said unto Moses, Get thee up into this mount Abarim, and see the land which I have given unto the children of Israel.
Numbers 27:22	And Moses did as the LORD commanded him: and he took Joshua, and set him before Eleazar the priest, and before all the congregation:
Numbers 28:9	And on the sabbath day two lambs of the first year without spot, and two tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, and the drink offering thereof:
Numbers 28:19	But ye shall offer a sacrifice made by fire for a burnt offering unto the LORD; two young bullocks, and one ram, and seven lambs of the first year: they shall be unto you without blemish:
Numbers 28:29	A several tenth deal unto one lamb, throughout the seven lambs;
Numbers 29:8	But ye shall offer a burnt offering unto the LORD for a sweet savor; one young bullock, one ram, and seven lambs of the first year; they shall be unto you without blemish:
Numbers 29:18	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:
Numbers 29:28	And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, and his meat offering, and his drink offering.
Numbers 29:38	And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, and his meat offering, and his drink offering.
Numbers 30:8	But if her husband disallowed her on the day that he heard it; then he shall make her vow which she vowed, and that which she uttered with her lips, wherewith she bound her soul, of none effect: and the LORD shall forgive her.
Numbers 31:2	Avenge the children of Israel of the Midianites: afterward shalt thou be gathered unto thy people.
Numbers 31:12	And they brought the captives, and the prey, and the spoil, unto Moses, and Eleazar the priest, and unto the congregation of the children of Israel, unto the camp at the plains of Moab, which are by Jordan near Jericho.
Numbers 31:22	Only the gold, and the silver, the brass, the iron, the tin, and the lead,
Numbers 31:32	And the booty, being the rest of the prey which the men of war had caught, was six hundred thousand and seventy thousand and five thousand sheep,
Numbers 31:42	And of the children of Israel's half, which Moses divided from the men that warred,
Numbers 31:52	And all the gold of the offering that they offered up to the LORD, of the captains of thousands, and of the captains of hundreds, was sixteen thousand seven hundred and fifty shekels.
Numbers 32:8	Thus did your fathers, when I sent them from Kadeshbarnea to see the land.
Numbers 32:18	We will not return unto our houses, until the children of Israel have inherited every man his inheritance.
Numbers 32:28	So concerning them Moses commanded Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun, and the chief fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel:
Numbers 32:38	And Nebo, and Baalmeon, (their names being changed,) and Shibmah: and gave other names unto the cities which they builded.
Numbers 33:6	And they departed from Succoth, and pitched in Etham, which is in the edge of the wilderness.
Numbers 33:16	And they removed from the desert of Sinai, and pitched at Kibrothhattaavah.
Numbers 33:26	And they removed from Makheloth, and encamped at Tahath.
Numbers 33:36	And they removed from Eziongaber, and pitched in the wilderness of Zin, which is Kadesh.
Numbers 33:46	And they removed from Dibongad, and encamped in Almondiblathaim.
Numbers 33:56	Moreover it shall come to pass, that I shall do unto you, as I thought to do unto them.
Numbers 34:10	And ye shall point out your east border from Hazarenan to Shepham:
Numbers 34:20	And of the tribe of the children of Simeon, Shemuel the son of Ammihud.
Numbers 35:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho, saying,
Numbers 35:11	Then ye shall appoint you cities to be cities of refuge for you; that the slayer may flee thither, which killeth any person at unawares.
Numbers 35:21	Or in enmity smite him with his hand, that he die: he that smote him shall surely be put to death; for he is a murderer: the revenger of blood shall slay the murderer, when he meeteth him.
Numbers 35:31	Moreover ye shall take no satisfaction for the life of a murderer, which is guilty of death: but he shall be surely put to death.
Numbers 36:7	So shall not the inheritance of the children of Israel remove from tribe to tribe: for every one of the children of Israel shall keep himself to the inheritance of the tribe of his fathers.
Deuteronomy 1:4	After he had slain Sihon the king of the Amorites, which dwelt in Heshbon, and Og the king of Bashan, which dwelt at Astaroth in Edrei:
Deuteronomy 1:14	And ye answered me, and said, The thing which thou hast spoken is good for us to do.
Deuteronomy 1:24	And they turned and went up into the mountain, and came unto the valley of Eshcol, and searched it out.
Deuteronomy 1:34	And the LORD heard the voice of your words, and was wroth, and sware, saying,
Deuteronomy 1:44	And the Amorites, which dwelt in that mountain, came out against you, and chased you, as bees do, and destroyed you in Seir, even unto Hormah.
Deuteronomy 2:8	And when we passed by from our brethren the children of Esau, which dwelt in Seir, through the way of the plain from Elath, and from Eziongaber, we turned and passed by the way of the wilderness of Moab.
Deuteronomy 2:18	Thou art to pass over through Ar, the coast of Moab, this day:
Deuteronomy 2:28	Thou shalt sell me meat for money, that I may eat; and give me water for money, that I may drink: only I will pass through on my feet;
Deuteronomy 3:1	Then we turned, and went up the way to Bashan: and Og the king of Bashan came out against us, he and all his people, to battle at Edrei.
Deuteronomy 3:11	For only Og king of Bashan remained of the remnant of giants; behold his bedstead was a bedstead of iron; is it not in Rabbath of the children of Ammon? nine cubits was the length thereof, and four cubits the breadth of it, after the cubit of a man.
Deuteronomy 3:21	And I commanded Joshua at that time, saying, Thine eyes have seen all that the LORD your God hath done unto these two kings: so shall the LORD do unto all the kingdoms whither thou passest.
Deuteronomy 4:2	Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish ought from it, that ye may keep the commandments of the LORD your God which I command you.
Deuteronomy 4:12	And the LORD spake unto you out of the midst of the fire: ye heard the voice of the words, but saw no similitude; only ye heard a voice.
Deuteronomy 4:22	But I must die in this land, I must not go over Jordan: but ye shall go over, and possess that good land.
Deuteronomy 4:32	For ask now of the days that are past, which were before thee, since the day that God created man upon the earth, and ask from the one side of heaven unto the other, whether there hath been any such thing as this great thing is, or hath been heard like it?
Deuteronomy 4:42	That the slayer might flee thither, which should kill his neighbor unawares, and hated him not in times past; and that fleeing unto one of these cities he might live:
Deuteronomy 5:3	The LORD made not this covenant with our fathers, but with us, even us, who are all of us here alive this day.
Deuteronomy 5:13	Six days thou shalt labor, and do all thy work:
Deuteronomy 5:23	And it came to pass, when ye heard the voice out of the midst of the darkness, (for the mountain did burn with fire,) that ye came near unto me, even all the heads of your tribes, and your elders;
Deuteronomy 5:33	Ye shall walk in all the ways which the LORD your God hath commanded you, that ye may live, and that it may be well with you, and that ye may prolong your days in the land which ye shall possess.
Deuteronomy 6:10	And it shall be, when the LORD thy God shall have brought thee into the land which he sware unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give thee great and goodly cities, which thou buildedst not,
Deuteronomy 6:20	And when thy son asketh thee in time to come, saying, What mean the testimonies, and the statutes, and the judgments, which the LORD our God hath commanded you?
Deuteronomy 7:5	But thus shall ye deal with them; ye shall destroy their altars, and break down their images, and cut down their groves, and burn their graven images with fire.
Deuteronomy 7:15	And the LORD will take away from thee all sickness, and will put none of the evil diseases of Egypt, which thou knowest, upon thee; but will lay them upon all them that hate thee.
Deuteronomy 7:25	The graven images of their gods shall ye burn with fire: thou shalt not desire the silver or gold that is on them, nor take it unto thee, lest thou be snared therein: for it is an abomination to the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 8:9	A land wherein thou shalt eat bread without scarceness, thou shalt not lack any thing in it; a land whose stones are iron, and out of whose hills thou mayest dig brass.
Deuteronomy 8:19	And it shall be, if thou do at all forget the LORD thy God, and walk after other gods, and serve them, and worship them, I testify against you this day that ye shall surely perish.
Deuteronomy 9:9	When I was gone up into the mount to receive the tables of stone, even the tables of the covenant which the LORD made with you, then I abode in the mount forty days and forty nights, I neither did eat bread nor drink water:
Deuteronomy 9:19	For I was afraid of the anger and hot displeasure, wherewith the LORD was wroth against you to destroy you. But the LORD hearkened unto me at that time also.
Deuteronomy 9:29	Yet they are thy people and thine inheritance, which thou broughtest out by thy mighty power and by thy stretched out arm.
Deuteronomy 10:10	And I stayed in the mount, according to the first time, forty days and forty nights; and the LORD hearkened unto me at that time also, and the LORD would not destroy thee.
Deuteronomy 10:20	Thou shalt fear the LORD thy God; him shalt thou serve, and to him shalt thou cleave, and swear by his name.
Deuteronomy 11:8	Therefore shall ye keep all the commandments which I command you this day, that ye may be strong, and go in and possess the land, whither ye go to possess it;
Deuteronomy 11:18	Therefore shall ye lay up these my words in your heart and in your soul, and bind them for a sign upon your hand, that they may be as frontlets between your eyes.
Deuteronomy 11:28	And a curse, if ye will not obey the commandments of the LORD your God, but turn aside out of the way which I command you this day, to go after other gods, which ye have not known.
Deuteronomy 12:6	And thither ye shall bring your burnt offerings, and your sacrifices, and your tithes, and heave offerings of your hand, and your vows, and your freewill offerings, and the firstlings of your herds and of your flocks:
Deuteronomy 12:16	Only ye shall not eat the blood; ye shall pour it upon the earth as water.
Deuteronomy 12:26	Only thy holy things which thou hast, and thy vows, thou shalt take, and go unto the place which the LORD shall choose:
Deuteronomy 13:4	Ye shall walk after the LORD your God, and fear him, and keep his commandments, and obey his voice, and ye shall serve him, and cleave unto him.
Deuteronomy 13:14	Then shalt thou inquire, and make search, and ask diligently; and, behold, if it be truth, and the thing certain, that such abomination is wrought among you;
Deuteronomy 14:6	And every beast that parteth the hoof, and cleaveth the cleft into two claws, and cheweth the cud among the beasts, that ye shall eat.
Deuteronomy 14:16	The little owl, and the great owl, and the swan,
Deuteronomy 14:26	And thou shalt bestow that money for whatsoever thy soul lusteth after, for oxen, or for sheep, or for wine, or for strong drink, or for whatsoever thy soul desireth: and thou shalt eat there before the LORD thy God, and thou shalt rejoice, thou, and thine household,
Deuteronomy 15:7	If there be among you a poor man of one of thy brethren within any of thy gates in thy land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, thou shalt not harden thine heart, nor shut thine hand from thy poor brother:
Deuteronomy 15:17	Then thou shalt take an awl, and thrust it through his ear unto the door, and he shall be thy servant for ever. And also unto thy maidservant thou shalt do likewise.
Deuteronomy 16:4	And there shall be no leavened bread seen with thee in all thy coast seven days; neither shall there any thing of the flesh, which thou sacrificedst the first day at even, remain all night until the morning.
Deuteronomy 16:14	And thou shalt rejoice in thy feast, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite, the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow, that are within thy gates.
Deuteronomy 17:2	If there be found among you, within any of thy gates which the LORD thy God giveth thee, man or woman, that hath wrought wickedness in the sight of the LORD thy God, in transgressing his covenant,
Deuteronomy 17:12	And the man that will do presumptuously, and will not hearken unto the priest that standeth to minister there before the LORD thy God, or unto the judge, even that man shall die: and thou shalt put away the evil from Israel.
Deuteronomy 18:2	Therefore shall they have no inheritance among their brethren: the LORD is their inheritance, as he hath said unto them.
Deuteronomy 18:12	For all that do these things are an abomination unto the LORD: and because of these abominations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from before thee.
Deuteronomy 18:22	When a prophet speaketh in the name of the LORD, if the thing follow not, nor come to pass, that is the thing which the LORD hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously: thou shalt not be afraid of him.
Deuteronomy 19:10	That innocent blood be not shed in thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance, and so blood be upon thee.
Deuteronomy 19:20	And those which remain shall hear, and fear, and shall henceforth commit no more any such evil among you.
Deuteronomy 20:9	And it shall be, when the officers have made an end of speaking unto the people that they shall make captains of the armies to lead the people.
Deuteronomy 20:19	When thou shalt besiege a city a long time, in making war against it to take it, thou shalt not destroy the trees thereof by forcing an axe against them: for thou mayest eat of them, and thou shalt not cut them down (for the tree of the field is man's life) to employ them in the siege:
Deuteronomy 21:9	So shalt thou put away the guilt of innocent blood from among you, when thou shalt do that which is right in the sight of the LORD.
Deuteronomy 21:19	Then shall his father and his mother lay hold on him, and bring him out unto the elders of his city, and unto the gate of his place;
Deuteronomy 22:6	If a bird's nest chance to be before thee in the way in any tree, or on the ground, whether they be young ones, or eggs, and the dam sitting upon the young, or upon the eggs, thou shalt not take the dam with the young:
Deuteronomy 22:16	And the damsel's father shall say unto the elders, I gave my daughter unto this man to wife, and he hateth her;
Deuteronomy 22:26	But unto the damsel thou shalt do nothing; there is in the damsel no sin worthy of death: for as when a man riseth against his neighbor, and slayeth him, even so is this matter:
Deuteronomy 23:6	Thou shalt not seek their peace nor their prosperity all thy days for ever.
Deuteronomy 23:16	He shall dwell with thee, even among you, in that place which he shall choose in one of thy gates, where it liketh him best: thou shalt not oppress him.
Deuteronomy 24:1	When a man hath taken a wife, and married her, and it come to pass that she find no favor in his eyes, because he hath found some uncleanness in her: then let him write her a bill of divorcement, and give it in her hand, and send her out of his house.
Deuteronomy 24:11	Thou shalt stand abroad, and the man to whom thou dost lend shall bring out the pledge abroad unto thee.
Deuteronomy 24:21	When thou gatherest the grapes of thy vineyard, thou shalt not glean it afterward: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow.
Deuteronomy 25:9	Then shall his brother's wife come unto him in the presence of the elders, and loose his shoe from off his foot, and spit in his face, and shall answer and say, So shall it be done unto that man that will not build up his brother's house.
Deuteronomy 25:19	Therefore it shall be, when the LORD thy God hath given thee rest from all thine enemies round about, in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it, that thou shalt blot out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven; thou shalt not forget it.
Deuteronomy 26:10	And now, behold, I have brought the firstfruits of the land, which thou, O LORD, hast given me. And thou shalt set it before the LORD thy God, and worship before the LORD thy God:
Deuteronomy 27:1	And Moses with the elders of Israel commanded the people, saying, Keep all the commandments which I command you this day.
Deuteronomy 27:11	And Moses charged the people the same day, saying,
Deuteronomy 27:21	Cursed be he that lieth with any manner of beast. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Deuteronomy 28:5	Blessed shall be thy basket and thy store.
Deuteronomy 28:15	But it shall come to pass, if thou wilt not hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe to do all his commandments and his statutes which I command thee this day; that all these curses shall come upon thee, and overtake thee:
Deuteronomy 28:25	The LORD shall cause thee to be smitten before thine enemies: thou shalt go out one way against them, and flee seven ways before them: and shalt be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth.
Deuteronomy 28:35	The LORD shall smite thee in the knees, and in the legs, with a sore botch that cannot be healed, from the sole of thy foot unto the top of thy head.
Deuteronomy 28:45	Moreover all these curses shall come upon thee, and shall pursue thee, and overtake thee, till thou be destroyed; because thou hearkenedst not unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to keep his commandments and his statutes which he commanded thee:
Deuteronomy 28:55	So that he will not give to any of them of the flesh of his children whom he shall eat: because he hath nothing left him in the siege, and in the straitness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee in all thy gates.
Deuteronomy 28:65	And among these nations shalt thou find no ease, neither shall the sole of thy foot have rest: but the LORD shall give thee there a trembling heart, and failing of eyes, and sorrow of mind:
Deuteronomy 29:7	And when ye came unto this place, Sihon the king of Heshbon, and Og the king of Bashan, came out against us unto battle, and we smote them:
Deuteronomy 29:17	And ye have seen their abominations, and their idols, wood and stone, silver and gold, which were among them:)
Deuteronomy 29:27	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against this land, to bring upon it all the curses that are written in this book:
Deuteronomy 30:8	And thou shalt return and obey the voice of the LORD, and do all his commandments which I command thee this day.
Deuteronomy 30:18	I denounce unto you this day, that ye shall surely perish, and that ye shall not prolong your days upon the land, whither thou passest over Jordan to go to possess it.
Deuteronomy 31:8	And the LORD, he it is that doth go before thee; he will be with thee, he will not fail thee, neither forsake thee: fear not, neither be dismayed.
Deuteronomy 31:18	And I will surely hide my face in that day for all the evils which they shall have wrought, in that they are turned unto other gods.
Deuteronomy 31:28	Gather unto me all the elders of your tribes, and your officers, that I may speak these words in their ears, and call heaven and earth to record against them.
Deuteronomy 32:8	When the Most High divided to the nations their inheritance, when he separated the sons of Adam, he set the bounds of the people according to the number of the children of Israel.
Deuteronomy 32:18	Of the Rock that begat thee thou art unmindful, and hast forgotten God that formed thee.
Deuteronomy 32:28	For they are a nation void of counsel, neither is there any understanding in them.
Deuteronomy 32:38	Which did eat the fat of their sacrifices, and drank the wine of their drink offerings? let them rise up and help you, and be your protection.
Deuteronomy 32:48	And the LORD spake unto Moses that selfsame day, saying,
Deuteronomy 33:6	Let Reuben live, and not die; and let not his men be few.
Deuteronomy 33:16	And for the precious things of the earth and fulness thereof, and for the good will of him that dwelt in the bush: let the blessing come upon the head of Joseph, and upon the top of the head of him that was separated from his brethren.
Deuteronomy 33:26	There is none like unto the God of Jeshurun, who rideth upon the heaven in thy help, and in his excellency on the sky.
Deuteronomy 34:7	And Moses was an hundred and twenty years old when he died: his eye was not dim, nor his natural force abated.
Joshua 1:5	There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.
Joshua 1:15	Until the LORD have given your brethren rest, as he hath given you, and they also have possessed the land which the LORD your God giveth them: then ye shall return unto the land of your possession, and enjoy it, which Moses the LORD's servant gave you on this side Jordan toward the sunrising.
Joshua 2:7	And the men pursued after them the way to Jordan unto the fords: and as soon as they which pursued after them were gone out, they shut the gate.
Joshua 2:17	And the men said unto her, We will be blameless of this thine oath which thou hast made us swear.
Joshua 3:3	And they commanded the people, saying, When ye see the ark of the covenant of the LORD your God, and the priests the Levites bearing it, then ye shall remove from your place, and go after it.
Joshua 3:13	And it shall come to pass, as soon as the soles of the feet of the priests that bear the ark of the LORD, the LORD of all the earth, shall rest in the waters of Jordan, that the waters of Jordan shall be cut off from the waters that come down from above; and they shall stand upon an heap.
Joshua 4:6	That this may be a sign among you, that when your children ask their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean ye by these stones?
Joshua 4:16	Command the priests that bear the ark of the testimony, that they come up out of Jordan.
Joshua 5:2	At that time the LORD said unto Joshua, Make thee sharp knives, and circumcise again the children of Israel the second time.
Joshua 5:12	And the manna ceased on the morrow after they had eaten of the old corn of the land; neither had the children of Israel manna any more; but they did eat of the fruit of the land of Canaan that year.
Joshua 6:7	And he said unto the people, Pass on, and compass the city, and let him that is armed pass on before the ark of the LORD.
Joshua 6:17	And the city shall be accursed, even it, and all that are therein, to the LORD: only Rahab the harlot shall live, she and all that are with her in the house, because she hid the messengers that we sent.
Joshua 6:27	So the LORD was with Joshua; and his fame was noised throughout all the country.
Joshua 7:10	And the LORD said unto Joshua, Get thee up; wherefore liest thou thus upon thy face?
Joshua 7:20	And Achan answered Joshua, and said, Indeed I have sinned against the LORD God of Israel, and thus and thus have I done:
Joshua 8:4	And he commanded them, saying, Behold, ye shall lie in wait against the city, even behind the city: go not very far from the city, but be ye all ready:
Joshua 8:14	And it came to pass, when the king of Ai saw it, that they hasted and rose up early, and the men of the city went out against Israel to battle, he and all his people, at a time appointed, before the plain; but he wist not that there were liers in ambush against him behind the city.
Joshua 8:24	And it came to pass, when Israel had made an end of slaying all the inhabitants of Ai in the field, in the wilderness wherein they chased them, and when they were all fallen on the edge of the sword, until they were consumed, that all the Israelites returned unto Ai, and smote it with the edge of the sword.
Joshua 8:34	And afterward he read all the words of the law, the blessings and cursings, according to all that is written in the book of the law.
Joshua 9:9	And they said unto him, From a very far country thy servants are come because of the name of the LORD thy God: for we have heard the fame of him, and all that he did in Egypt,
Joshua 9:19	But all the princes said unto all the congregation, We have sworn unto them by the LORD God of Israel: now therefore we may not touch them.
Joshua 10:2	That they feared greatly, because Gibeon was a great city, as one of the royal cities, and because it was greater than Ai, and all the men thereof were mighty.
Joshua 10:12	Then spake Joshua to the LORD in the day when the LORD delivered up the Amorites before the children of Israel, and he said in the sight of Israel, Sun, stand thou still upon Gibeon; and thou, Moon, in the valley of Ajalon.
Joshua 10:22	Then said Joshua, Open the mouth of the cave, and bring out those five kings unto me out of the cave.
Joshua 10:32	And the LORD delivered Lachish into the hand of Israel, which took it on the second day, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein, according to all that he had done to Libnah.
Joshua 10:42	And all these kings and their land did Joshua take at one time, because the LORD God of Israel fought for Israel.
Joshua 11:9	And Joshua did unto them as the LORD bade him: he houghed their horses, and burnt their chariots with fire.
Joshua 11:19	There was not a city that made peace with the children of Israel, save the Hivites the inhabitants of Gibeon: all other they took in battle.
Joshua 12:6	Them did Moses the servant of the LORD and the children of Israel smite: and Moses the servant of the LORD gave it for a possession unto the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh.
Joshua 12:16	The king of Makkedah, one; the king of Bethel, one;
Joshua 13:2	This is the land that yet remaineth: all the borders of the Philistines, and all Geshuri,
Joshua 13:12	All the kingdom of Og in Bashan, which reigned in Ashtaroth and in Edrei, who remained of the remnant of the giants: for these did Moses smite, and cast them out.
Joshua 13:22	Balaam also the son of Beor, the soothsayer, did the children of Israel slay with the sword among them that were slain by them.
Joshua 13:32	These are the countries which Moses did distribute for inheritance in the plains of Moab, on the other side Jordan, by Jericho, eastward.
Joshua 14:9	And Moses sware on that day, saying, Surely the land whereon thy feet have trodden shall be thine inheritance, and thy children's for ever, because thou hast wholly followed the LORD my God.
Joshua 15:4	From thence it passed toward Azmon, and went out unto the river of Egypt; and the goings out of that coast were at the sea: this shall be your south coast.
Joshua 15:14	And Caleb drove thence the three sons of Anak, Sheshai, and Ahiman, and Talmai, the children of Anak.
Joshua 15:24	Ziph, and Telem, and Bealoth,
Joshua 15:34	And Zanoah, and Engannim, Tappuah, and Enam,
Joshua 15:44	And Keilah, and Achzib, and Mareshah; nine cities with their villages:
Joshua 15:54	And Humtah, and Kirjatharba, which is Hebron, and Zior; nine cities with their villages:
Joshua 16:1	And the lot of the children of Joseph fell from Jordan by Jericho, unto the water of Jericho on the east, to the wilderness that goeth up from Jericho throughout mount Bethel,
Joshua 17:1	There was also a lot for the tribe of Manasseh; for he was the firstborn of Joseph; to wit, for Machir the firstborn of Manasseh, the father of Gilead: because he was a man of war, therefore he had Gilead and Bashan.
Joshua 17:11	And Manasseh had in Issachar and in Asher Bethshean and her towns, and Ibleam and her towns, and the inhabitants of Dor and her towns, and the inhabitants of Endor and her towns, and the inhabitants of Taanach and her towns, and the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns, even three countries.
Joshua 18:3	And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, How long are ye slack to go to possess the land, which the LORD God of your fathers hath given you?
Joshua 18:13	And the border went over from thence toward Luz, to the side of Luz, which is Bethel, southward; and the border descended to Atarothadar, near the hill that lieth on the south side of the nether Bethhoron.
Joshua 18:23	And Avim, and Pharah, and Ophrah,
Joshua 19:5	And Ziklag, and Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusah,
Joshua 19:15	And Kattath, and Nahallal, and Shimron, and Idalah, and Bethlehem: twelve cities with their villages.
Joshua 19:25	And their border was Helkath, and Hali, and Beten, and Achshaph,
Joshua 19:35	And the fenced cities are Ziddim, Zer, and Hammath, Rakkath, and Chinnereth,
Joshua 19:45	And Jehud, and Beneberak, and Gathrimmon,
Joshua 20:4	And when he that doth flee unto one of those cities shall stand at the entering of the gate of the city, and shall declare his cause in the ears of the elders of that city, they shall take him into the city unto them, and give him a place, that he may dwell among them.
Joshua 21:5	And the rest of the children of Kohath had by lot out of the families of the tribe of Ephraim, and out of the tribe of Dan, and out of the half tribe of Manasseh, ten cities.
Joshua 21:15	And Holon with her suburbs, and Debir with her suburbs,
Joshua 21:25	And out of the half tribe of Manasseh, Tanach with her suburbs, and Gathrimmon with her suburbs; two cities.
Joshua 21:35	Dimnah with her suburbs, Nahalal with her suburbs; four cities.
Joshua 21:45	There failed not ought of any good thing which the LORD had spoken unto the house of Israel; all came to pass.
Joshua 22:10	And when they came unto the borders of Jordan, that are in the land of Canaan, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh built there an altar by Jordan, a great altar to see to.
Joshua 22:20	Did not Achan the son of Zerah commit a trespass in the accursed thing, and wrath fell on all the congregation of Israel? and that man perished not alone in his iniquity.
Joshua 22:30	And when Phinehas the priest, and the princes of the congregation and heads of the thousands of Israel which were with him, heard the words that the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the children of Manasseh spake, it pleased them.
Joshua 23:6	Be ye therefore very courageous to keep and to do all that is written in the book of the law of Moses, that ye turn not aside therefrom to the right hand or to the left;
Joshua 23:16	When ye have transgressed the covenant of the LORD your God, which he commanded you, and have gone and served other gods, and bowed yourselves to them; then shall the anger of the LORD be kindled against you, and ye shall perish quickly from off the good land which he hath given unto you.
Joshua 24:10	But I would not hearken unto Balaam; therefore he blessed you still: so I delivered you out of his hand.
Joshua 24:20	If ye forsake the LORD, and serve strange gods, then he will turn and do you hurt, and consume you, after that he hath done you good.
Joshua 24:30	And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathserah, which is in mount Ephraim, on the north side of the hill of Gaash.
Judges 1:7	And Adonibezek said, Threescore and ten kings, having their thumbs and their great toes cut off, gathered their meat under my table: as I have done, so God hath requited me. And they brought him to Jerusalem, and there he died.
Judges 1:17	And Judah went with Simeon his brother, and they slew the Canaanites that inhabited Zephath, and utterly destroyed it. And the name of the city was called Hormah.
Judges 1:27	Neither did Manasseh drive out the inhabitants of Bethshean and her towns, nor Taanach and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Dor and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Ibleam and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns: but the Canaanites would dwell in that land.
Judges 2:1	And an angel of the LORD came up from Gilgal to Bochim, and said, I made you to go up out of Egypt, and have brought you unto the land which I sware unto your fathers; and I said, I will never break my covenant with you.
Judges 2:11	And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD, and served Baalim:
Judges 2:21	I also will not henceforth drive out any from before them of the nations which Joshua left when he died:
Judges 3:8	Therefore the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he sold them into the hand of Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia: and the children of Israel served Chushanrishathaim eight years.
Judges 3:18	And when he had made an end to offer the present, he sent away the people that bare the present.
Judges 3:28	And he said unto them, Follow after me: for the LORD hath delivered your enemies the Moabites into your hand. And they went down after him, and took the fords of Jordan toward Moab, and suffered not a man to pass over.
Judges 4:7	And I will draw unto thee to the river Kishon Sisera, the captain of Jabin's army, with his chariots and his multitude; and I will deliver him into thine hand.
Judges 4:17	Howbeit Sisera fled away on his feet to the tent of Jael the wife of Heber the Kenite: for there was peace between Jabin the king of Hazor and the house of Heber the Kenite.
Judges 5:3	Hear, O ye kings; give ear, O ye princes; I, even I, will sing unto the LORD; I will sing praise to the LORD God of Israel.
Judges 5:13	Then he made him that remaineth have dominion over the nobles among the people: the LORD made me have dominion over the mighty.
Judges 5:23	Curse ye Meroz, said the angel of the LORD, curse ye bitterly the inhabitants thereof; because they came not to the help of the LORD, to the help of the LORD against the mighty.
Judges 6:2	And the hand of Midian prevailed against Israel: and because of the Midianites the children of Israel made them the dens which are in the mountains, and caves, and strong holds.
Judges 6:12	And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him, and said unto him, The LORD is with thee, thou mighty man of valor.
Judges 6:22	And when Gideon perceived that he was an angel of the LORD, Gideon said, Alas, O LORD God! for because I have seen an angel of the LORD face to face.
Judges 6:32	Therefore on that day he called him Jerubbaal, saying, Let Baal plead against him, because he hath thrown down his altar.
Judges 7:2	And the LORD said unto Gideon, The people that are with thee are too many for me to give the Midianites into their hands, lest Israel vaunt themselves against me, saying, Mine own hand hath saved me.
Judges 7:12	And the Midianites and the Amalekites and all the children of the east lay along in the valley like grasshoppers for multitude; and their camels were without number, as the sand by the sea side for multitude.
Judges 7:22	And the three hundred blew the trumpets, and the LORD set every man's sword against his fellow, even throughout all the host: and the host fled to Bethshittah in Zererath, and to the border of Abelmeholah, unto Tabbath.
Judges 8:7	And Gideon said, Therefore when the LORD hath delivered Zebah and Zalmunna into mine hand, then I will tear your flesh with the thorns of the wilderness and with briers.
Judges 8:17	And he beat down the tower of Penuel, and slew the men of the city.
Judges 8:27	And Gideon made an ephod thereof, and put it in his city, even in Ophrah: and all Israel went thither a whoring after it: which thing became a snare unto Gideon, and to his house.
Judges 9:2	Speak, I pray you, in the ears of all the men of Shechem, Whether is better for you, either that all the sons of Jerubbaal, which are threescore and ten persons, reign over you, or that one reign over you? remember also that I am your bone and your flesh.
Judges 9:12	Then said the trees unto the vine, Come thou, and reign over us.
Judges 9:22	When Abimelech had reigned three years over Israel,
Judges 9:32	Now therefore up by night, thou and the people that is with thee, and lie in wait in the field:
Judges 9:42	And it came to pass on the morrow, that the people went out into the field; and they told Abimelech.
Judges 9:52	And Abimelech came unto the tower, and fought against it, and went hard unto the door of the tower to burn it with fire.
Judges 10:5	And Jair died, and was buried in Camon.
Judges 10:15	And the children of Israel said unto the LORD, We have sinned: do thou unto us whatsoever seemeth good unto thee; deliver us only, we pray thee, this day.
Judges 11:7	And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead, Did not ye hate me, and expel me out of my father's house? and why are ye come unto me now when ye are in distress?
Judges 11:17	Then Israel sent messengers unto the king of Edom, saying, Let me, I pray thee, pass through thy land: but the king of Edom would not hearken thereto. And in like manner they sent unto the king of Moab: but he would not consent: and Israel abode in Kadesh.
Judges 11:27	Wherefore I have not sinned against thee, but thou doest me wrong to war against me: the LORD the Judge be judge this day between the children of Israel and the children of Ammon.
Judges 11:37	And she said unto her father, Let this thing be done for me: let me alone two months, that I may go up and down upon the mountains, and bewail my virginity, I and my fellows.
Judges 12:7	And Jephthah judged Israel six years. Then died Jephthah the Gileadite, and was buried in one of the cities of Gilead.
Judges 13:2	And there was a certain man of Zorah, of the family of the Danites, whose name was Manoah; and his wife was barren, and bare not.
Judges 13:12	And Manoah said, Now let thy words come to pass. How shall we order the child, and how shall we do unto him?
Judges 13:22	And Manoah said unto his wife, We shall surely die, because we have seen God.
Judges 14:7	And he went down, and talked with the woman; and she pleased Samson well.
Judges 14:17	And she wept before him the seven days, while their feast lasted: and it came to pass on the seventh day, that he told her, because she lay sore upon him: and she told the riddle to the children of her people.
Judges 15:7	And Samson said unto them, Though ye have done this, yet will I be avenged of you, and after that I will cease.
Judges 15:17	And it came to pass, when he had made an end of speaking, that he cast away the jawbone out of his hand, and called that place Ramathlehi.
Judges 16:7	And Samson said unto her, If they bind me with seven green withes that were never dried, then shall I be weak, and be as another man.
Judges 16:17	That he told her all his heart, and said unto her, There hath not come a razor upon mine head; for I have been a Nazarite unto God from my mother's womb: if I be shaven, then my strength will go from me, and I shall become weak, and be like any other man.
Judges 16:27	Now the house was full of men and women; and all the lords of the Philistines were there; and there were upon the roof about three thousand men and women, that beheld while Samson made sport.
Judges 17:6	In those days there was no king in Israel, but every man did that which was right in his own eyes.
Judges 18:3	When they were by the house of Micah, they knew the voice of the young man the Levite: and they turned in thither, and said unto him, Who brought thee hither? and what makest thou in this place? and what hast thou here?
Judges 18:13	And they passed thence unto mount Ephraim, and came unto the house of Micah.
Judges 18:23	And they cried unto the children of Dan. And they turned their faces, and said unto Micah, What aileth thee, that thou comest with such a company?
Judges 19:2	And his concubine played the whore against him, and went away from him unto her father's house to Bethlehemjudah, and was there four whole months.
Judges 19:12	And his master said unto him, We will not turn aside hither into the city of a stranger, that is not of the children of Israel; we will pass over to Gibeah.
Judges 19:22	Now as they were making their hearts merry, behold, the men of the city, certain sons of Belial, beset the house round about, and beat at the door, and spake to the master of the house, the old man, saying, Bring forth the man that came into thine house, that we may know him.
Judges 20:2	And the chief of all the people, even of all the tribes of Israel, presented themselves in the assembly of the people of God, four hundred thousand footmen that drew sword.
Judges 20:12	And the tribes of Israel sent men through all the tribe of Benjamin, saying, What wickedness is this that is done among you?
Judges 20:22	And the people the men of Israel encouraged themselves, and set their battle again in array in the place where they put themselves in array the first day.
Judges 20:32	And the children of Benjamin said, They are smitten down before us, as at the first. But the children of Israel said, Let us flee, and draw them from the city unto the highways.
Judges 20:42	Therefore they turned their backs before the men of Israel unto the way of the wilderness; but the battle overtook them; and them which came out of the cities they destroyed in the midst of them.
Judges 21:4	And it came to pass on the morrow, that the people rose early, and built there an altar, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings.
Judges 21:14	And Benjamin came again at that time; and they gave them wives which they had saved alive of the women of Jabeshgilead: and yet so they sufficed them not.
Judges 21:24	And the children of Israel departed thence at that time, every man to his tribe and to his family, and they went out from thence every man to his inheritance.
Ruth 1:9	The LORD grant you that ye may find rest, each of you in the house of her husband. Then she kissed them; and they lifted up their voice, and wept.
Ruth 1:19	So they two went until they came to Bethlehem. And it came to pass, when they were come to Bethlehem, that all the city was moved about them, and they said, Is this Naomi?
Ruth 2:7	And she said, I pray you, let me glean and gather after the reapers among the sheaves: so she came, and hath continued even from the morning until now, that she tarried a little in the house.
Ruth 2:17	So she gleaned in the field until even, and beat out that she had gleaned: and it was about an ephah of barley.
Ruth 3:4	And it shall be, when he lieth down, that thou shalt mark the place where he shall lie, and thou shalt go in, and uncover his feet, and lay thee down; and he will tell thee what thou shalt do.
Ruth 3:14	And she lay at his feet until the morning: and she rose up before one could know another. And he said, Let it not be known that a woman came into the floor.
Ruth 4:6	And the kinsman said, I cannot redeem it for myself, lest I mar mine own inheritance: redeem thou my right to thyself; for I cannot redeem it.
Ruth 4:16	And Naomi took the child, and laid it in her bosom, and became nurse unto it.
1 Samuel 1:4	And when the time was that Elkanah offered, he gave to Peninnah his wife, and to all her sons and her daughters, portions:
1 Samuel 1:14	And Eli said unto her, How long wilt thou be drunken? put away thy wine from thee.
1 Samuel 1:24	And when she had weaned him, she took him up with her, with three bullocks, and one ephah of flour, and a bottle of wine, and brought him unto the house of the LORD in Shiloh: and the child was young.
1 Samuel 2:6	The LORD killeth, and maketh alive: he bringeth down to the grave, and bringeth up.
1 Samuel 2:16	And if any man said unto him, Let them not fail to burn the fat presently, and then take as much as thy soul desireth; then he would answer him, Nay; but thou shalt give it me now: and if not, I will take it by force.
1 Samuel 2:26	And the child Samuel grew on, and was in favor both with the LORD, and also with men.
1 Samuel 2:36	And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left in thine house shall come and crouch to him for a piece of silver and a morsel of bread, and shall say, Put me, I pray thee, into one of the priests' offices, that I may eat a piece of bread.
1 Samuel 3:10	And the LORD came, and stood, and called as at other times, Samuel, Samuel. Then Samuel answered, Speak; for thy servant heareth.
1 Samuel 3:20	And all Israel from Dan even to Beersheba knew that Samuel was established to be a prophet of the LORD.
1 Samuel 4:9	Be strong and quit yourselves like men, O ye Philistines, that ye be not servants unto the Hebrews, as they have been to you: quit yourselves like men, and fight.
1 Samuel 4:19	And his daughter in law, Phinehas' wife, was with child, near to be delivered: and when she heard the tidings that the ark of God was taken, and that her father in law and her husband were dead, she bowed herself and travailed; for her pains came upon her.
1 Samuel 5:7	And when the men of Ashdod saw that it was so, they said, The ark of the God of Israel shall not abide with us: for his hand is sore upon us, and upon Dagon our god.
1 Samuel 6:5	Wherefore ye shall make images of your emerods, and images of your mice that mar the land; and ye shall give glory unto the God of Israel: peradventure he will lighten his hand from off you, and from off your gods, and from off your land.
1 Samuel 6:15	And the Levites took down the ark of the LORD, and the coffer that was with it, wherein the jewels of gold were, and put them on the great stone: and the men of Bethshemesh offered burnt offerings and sacrificed sacrifices the same day unto the LORD.
1 Samuel 7:4	Then the children of Israel did put away Baalim and Ashtaroth, and served the LORD only.
1 Samuel 7:14	And the cities which the Philistines had taken from Israel were restored to Israel, from Ekron even unto Gath; and the coasts thereof did Israel deliver out of the hands of the Philistines. And there was peace between Israel and the Amorites.
1 Samuel 8:7	And the LORD said unto Samuel, Hearken unto the voice of the people in all that they say unto thee: for they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me, that I should not reign over them.
1 Samuel 8:17	He will take the tenth of your sheep: and ye shall be his servants.
1 Samuel 9:5	And when they were come to the land of Zuph, Saul said to his servant that was with him, Come, and let us return; lest my father leave caring for the asses, and take thought for us.
1 Samuel 9:15	Now the LORD had told Samuel in his ear a day before Saul came, saying,
1 Samuel 9:25	And when they were come down from the high place into the city, Samuel communed with Saul upon the top of the house.
1 Samuel 10:8	And thou shalt go down before me to Gilgal; and, behold, I will come down unto thee, to offer burnt offerings, and to sacrifice sacrifices of peace offerings: seven days shalt thou tarry, till I come to thee, and show thee what thou shalt do.
1 Samuel 10:18	And said unto the children of Israel, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I brought up Israel out of Egypt, and delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all kingdoms, and of them that oppressed you:
1 Samuel 11:1	Then Nahash the Ammonite came up, and encamped against Jabeshgilead: and all the men of Jabesh said unto Nahash, Make a covenant with us, and we will serve thee.
1 Samuel 11:11	And it was so on the morrow, that Saul put the people in three companies; and they came into the midst of the host in the morning watch, and slew the Ammonites until the heat of the day: and it came to pass, that they which remained were scattered, so that two of them were not left together.
1 Samuel 12:6	And Samuel said unto the people, It is the LORD that advanced Moses and Aaron, and that brought your fathers up out of the land of Egypt.
1 Samuel 12:16	Now therefore stand and see this great thing, which the LORD will do before your eyes.
1 Samuel 13:1	Saul reigned one year; and when he had reigned two years over Israel,
1 Samuel 13:11	And Samuel said, What hast thou done? And Saul said, Because I saw that the people were scattered from me, and that thou camest not within the days appointed, and that the Philistines gathered themselves together at Michmash;
1 Samuel 13:21	Yet they had a file for the mattocks, and for the coulters, and for the forks, and for the axes, and to sharpen the goads.
1 Samuel 14:8	Then said Jonathan, Behold, we will pass over unto these men, and we will discover ourselves unto them.
1 Samuel 14:18	And Saul said unto Ahiah, Bring hither the ark of God. For the ark of God was at that time with the children of Israel.
1 Samuel 14:28	Then answered one of the people, and said, Thy father straitly charged the people with an oath, saying, Cursed be the man that eateth any food this day. And the people were faint.
1 Samuel 14:38	And Saul said, Draw ye near hither, all the chief of the people: and know and see wherein this sin hath been this day.
1 Samuel 14:48	And he gathered an host, and smote the Amalekites, and delivered Israel out of the hands of them that spoiled them.
1 Samuel 15:6	And Saul said unto the Kenites, Go, depart, get you down from among the Amalekites, lest I destroy you with them: for ye showed kindness to all the children of Israel, when they came up out of Egypt. So the Kenites departed from among the Amalekites.
1 Samuel 15:16	Then Samuel said unto Saul, Stay, and I will tell thee what the LORD hath said to me this night. And he said unto him, Say on.
1 Samuel 15:26	And Samuel said unto Saul, I will not return with thee: for thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, and the LORD hath rejected thee from being king over Israel.
1 Samuel 16:1	And the LORD said unto Samuel, How long wilt thou mourn for Saul, seeing I have rejected him from reigning over Israel? fill thine horn with oil, and go, I will send thee to Jesse the Bethlehemite: for I have provided me a king among his sons.
1 Samuel 16:11	And Samuel said unto Jesse, Are here all thy children? And he said, There remaineth yet the youngest, and, behold, he keepeth the sheep. And Samuel said unto Jesse, Send and fetch him: for we will not sit down till he come hither.
1 Samuel 16:21	And David came to Saul, and stood before him: and he loved him greatly; and he became his armourbearer.
1 Samuel 17:8	And he stood and cried unto the armies of Israel, and said unto them, Why are ye come out to set your battle in array? am not I a Philistine, and ye servants to Saul? choose you a man for you, and let him come down to me.
1 Samuel 17:18	And carry these ten cheeses unto the captain of their thousand, and look how thy brethren fare, and take their pledge.
1 Samuel 17:28	And Eliab his eldest brother heard when he spake unto the men; and Eliab's anger was kindled against David, and he said, Why camest thou down hither? and with whom hast thou left those few sheep in the wilderness? I know thy pride, and the naughtiness of thine heart; for thou art come down that thou mightest see the battle.
1 Samuel 17:38	And Saul armed David with his armor, and he put an helmet of brass upon his head; also he armed him with a coat of mail.
1 Samuel 17:48	And it came to pass, when the Philistine arose, and came, and drew nigh to meet David, that David hastened, and ran toward the army to meet the Philistine.
1 Samuel 17:58	And Saul said to him, Whose son art thou, thou young man? And David answered, I am the son of thy servant Jesse the Bethlehemite.
1 Samuel 18:10	And it came to pass on the morrow, that the evil spirit from God came upon Saul, and he prophesied in the midst of the house: and David played with his hand, as at other times: and there was a javelin in Saul's hand.
1 Samuel 18:20	And Michal Saul's daughter loved David: and they told Saul, and the thing pleased him.
1 Samuel 18:30	Then the princes of the Philistines went forth: and it came to pass, after they went forth, that David behaved himself more wisely than all the servants of Saul; so that his name was much set by.
1 Samuel 19:10	And Saul sought to smite David even to the wall with the javelin: but he slipped away out of Saul's presence, and he smote the javelin into the wall: and David fled, and escaped that night.
1 Samuel 19:20	And Saul sent messengers to take David: and when they saw the company of the prophets prophesying, and Samuel standing as appointed over them, the Spirit of God was upon the messengers of Saul, and they also prophesied.
1 Samuel 20:6	If thy father at all miss me, then say, David earnestly asked leave of me that he might run to Bethlehem his city: for there is a yearly sacrifice there for all the family.
1 Samuel 20:16	So Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David, saying, Let the LORD even require it at the hand of David's enemies.
1 Samuel 20:26	Nevertheless Saul spake not any thing that day: for he thought, Something hath befallen him, he is not clean; surely he is not clean.
1 Samuel 20:36	And he said unto his lad, Run, find out now the arrows which I shoot. And as the lad ran, he shot an arrow beyond him.
1 Samuel 21:4	And the priest answered David, and said, There is no common bread under mine hand, but there is hallowed bread; if the young men have kept themselves at least from women.
1 Samuel 21:14	Then said Achish unto his servants, Lo, ye see the man is mad: wherefore then have ye brought him to me?
1 Samuel 22:9	Then answered Doeg the Edomite, which was set over the servants of Saul, and said, I saw the son of Jesse coming to Nob, to Ahimelech the son of Ahitub.
1 Samuel 22:19	And Nob, the city of the priests, smote he with the edge of the sword, both men and women, children and sucklings, and oxen, and asses, and sheep, with the edge of the sword.
1 Samuel 23:6	And it came to pass, when Abiathar the son of Ahimelech fled to David to Keilah, that he came down with an ephod in his hand.
1 Samuel 23:16	And Jonathan Saul's son arose, and went to David into the wood, and strengthened his hand in God.
1 Samuel 23:26	And Saul went on this side of the mountain, and David and his men on that side of the mountain: and David made haste to get away for fear of Saul; for Saul and his men compassed David and his men round about to take them.
1 Samuel 24:7	So David stayed his servants with these words, and suffered them not to rise against Saul. But Saul rose up out of the cave, and went on his way.
1 Samuel 24:17	And he said to David, Thou art more righteous than I: for thou hast rewarded me good, whereas I have rewarded thee evil.
1 Samuel 25:5	And David sent out ten young men, and David said unto the young men, Get you up to Carmel, and go to Nabal, and greet him in my name:
1 Samuel 25:15	But the men were very good unto us, and we were not hurt, neither missed we any thing, as long as we were conversant with them, when we were in the fields:
1 Samuel 25:25	Let not my lord, I pray thee, regard this man of Belial, even Nabal: for as his name is, so is he; Nabal is his name, and folly is with him: but I thine handmaid saw not the young men of my lord, whom thou didst send.
1 Samuel 25:35	So David received of her hand that which she had brought him, and said unto her, Go up in peace to thine house; see, I have hearkened to thy voice, and have accepted thy person.
1 Samuel 26:1	And the Ziphites came unto Saul to Gibeah, saying, Doth not David hide himself in the hill of Hachilah, which is before Jeshimon?
1 Samuel 26:11	The LORD forbid that I should stretch forth mine hand against the LORD's anointed: but, I pray thee, take thou now the spear that is at his bolster, and the cruse of water, and let us go.
1 Samuel 26:21	Then said Saul, I have sinned: return, my son David: for I will no more do thee harm, because my soul was precious in thine eyes this day: behold, I have played the fool, and have erred exceedingly.
1 Samuel 27:6	Then Achish gave him Ziklag that day: wherefore Ziklag pertaineth unto the kings of Judah unto this day.
1 Samuel 28:4	And the Philistines gathered themselves together, and came and pitched in Shunem: and Saul gathered all Israel together, and they pitched in Gilboa.
1 Samuel 28:14	And he said unto her, What form is he of? And she said, An old man cometh up; and he is covered with a mantle. And Saul perceived that it was Samuel, and he stooped with his face to the ground, and bowed himself.
1 Samuel 28:24	And the woman had a fat calf in the house; and she hasted, and killed it, and took flour, and kneaded it, and did bake unleavened bread thereof:
1 Samuel 29:9	And Achish answered and said to David, I know that thou art good in my sight, as an angel of God: notwithstanding the princes of the Philistines have said, He shall not go up with us to the battle.
1 Samuel 30:8	And David inquired at the LORD, saying, Shall I pursue after this troop? shall I overtake them? And he answered him, Pursue: for thou shalt surely overtake them, and without fail recover all.
1 Samuel 30:18	And David recovered all that the Amalekites had carried away: and David rescued his two wives.
1 Samuel 30:28	And to them which were in Aroer, and to them which were in Siphmoth, and to them which were in Eshtemoa,
1 Samuel 31:7	And when the men of Israel that were on the other side of the valley, and they that were on the other side Jordan, saw that the men of Israel fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, they forsook the cities, and fled; and the Philistines came and dwelt in them.
2 Samuel 1:4	And David said unto him, How went the matter? I pray thee, tell me. And he answered, That the people are fled from the battle, and many of the people also are fallen and dead; and Saul and Jonathan his son are dead also.
2 Samuel 1:14	And David said unto him, How wast thou not afraid to stretch forth thine hand to destroy the LORD's anointed?
2 Samuel 1:24	Ye daughters of Israel, weep over Saul, who clothed you in scarlet, with other delights, who put on ornaments of gold upon your apparel.
2 Samuel 2:7	Therefore now let your hands be strengthened, and be ye valiant: for your master Saul is dead, and also the house of Judah have anointed me king over them.
2 Samuel 2:17	And there was a very sore battle that day; and Abner was beaten, and the men of Israel, before the servants of David.
2 Samuel 2:27	And Joab said, As God liveth, unless thou hadst spoken, surely then in the morning the people had gone up every one from following his brother.
2 Samuel 3:5	And the sixth, Ithream, by Eglah David's wife. These were born to David in Hebron.
2 Samuel 3:15	And Ishbosheth sent, and took her from her husband, even from Phaltiel the son of Laish.
2 Samuel 3:25	Thou knowest Abner the son of Ner, that he came to deceive thee, and to know thy going out and thy coming in, and to know all that thou doest.
2 Samuel 3:35	And when all the people came to cause David to eat meat while it was yet day, David sware, saying, So do God to me, and more also, if I taste bread, or ought else, till the sun be down.
2 Samuel 4:6	And they came thither into the midst of the house, as though they would have fetched wheat; and they smote him under the fifth rib: and Rechab and Baanah his brother escaped.
2 Samuel 5:4	David was thirty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years.
2 Samuel 5:14	And these be the names of those that were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shammuah, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon,
2 Samuel 5:24	And let it be, when thou hearest the sound of a going in the tops of the mulberry trees, that then thou shalt bestir thyself: for then shall the LORD go out before thee, to smite the host of the Philistines.
2 Samuel 6:9	And David was afraid of the LORD that day, and said, How shall the ark of the LORD come to me?
2 Samuel 6:19	And he dealt among all the people, even among the whole multitude of Israel, as well to the women as men, to every one a cake of bread, and a good piece of flesh, and a flagon of wine. So all the people departed every one to his house.
2 Samuel 7:6	Whereas I have not dwelt in any house since the time that I brought up the children of Israel out of Egypt, even to this day, but have walked in a tent and in a tabernacle.
2 Samuel 7:16	And thine house and thy kingdom shall be established for ever before thee: thy throne shall be established for ever.
2 Samuel 7:26	And let thy name be magnified for ever, saying, The LORD of hosts is the God over Israel: and let the house of thy servant David be established before thee.
2 Samuel 8:7	And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of Hadadezer, and brought them to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 8:17	And Zadok the son of Ahitub, and Ahimelech the son of Abiathar, were the priests; and Seraiah was the scribe;
2 Samuel 9:9	Then the king called to Ziba, Saul's servant, and said unto him, I have given unto thy master's son all that pertained to Saul and to all his house.
2 Samuel 10:6	And when the children of Ammon saw that they stank before David, the children of Ammon sent and hired the Syrians of Bethrehob and the Syrians of Zoba, twenty thousand footmen, and of king Maacah a thousand men, and of Ishtob twelve thousand men.
2 Samuel 10:16	And Hadarezer sent, and brought out the Syrians that were beyond the river: and they came to Helam; and Shobach the captain of the host of Hadarezer went before them.
2 Samuel 11:7	And when Uriah was come unto him, David demanded of him how Joab did, and how the people did, and how the war prospered.
2 Samuel 11:17	And the men of the city went out, and fought with Joab: and there fell some of the people of the servants of David; and Uriah the Hittite died also.
2 Samuel 11:27	And when the mourning was past, David sent and fetched her to his house, and she became his wife, and bare him a son. But the thing that David had done displeased the LORD.
2 Samuel 12:10	Now therefore the sword shall never depart from thine house; because thou hast despised me, and hast taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite to be thy wife.
2 Samuel 12:20	Then David arose from the earth, and washed, and anointed himself, and changed his apparel, and came into the house of the LORD, and worshipped: then he came to his own house; and when he required, they set bread before him, and he did eat.
2 Samuel 12:30	And he took their king's crown from off his head, the weight whereof was a talent of gold with the precious stones: and it was set on David's head. And he brought forth the spoil of the city in great abundance.
2 Samuel 13:9	And she took a pan, and poured them out before him; but he refused to eat. And Amnon said, Have out all men from me. And they went out every man from him.
2 Samuel 13:19	And Tamar put ashes on her head, and rent her garment of divers colors that was on her, and laid her hand on her head, and went on crying.
2 Samuel 13:29	And the servants of Absalom did unto Amnon as Absalom had commanded. Then all the king's sons arose, and every man gat him up upon his mule, and fled.
2 Samuel 13:39	And the soul of king David longed to go forth unto Absalom: for he was comforted concerning Amnon, seeing he was dead.
2 Samuel 14:10	And the king said, Whoever saith ought unto thee, bring him to me, and he shall not touch thee any more.
2 Samuel 14:20	To fetch about this form of speech hath thy servant Joab done this thing: and my lord is wise, according to the wisdom of an angel of God, to know all things that are in the earth.
2 Samuel 14:30	Therefore he said unto his servants, See, Joab's field is near mine, and he hath barley there; go and set it on fire. And Absalom's servants set the field on fire.
2 Samuel 15:7	And it came to pass after forty years, that Absalom said unto the king, I pray thee, let me go and pay my vow, which I have vowed unto the LORD, in Hebron.
2 Samuel 15:17	And the king went forth, and all the people after him, and tarried in a place that was far off.
2 Samuel 15:27	The king said also unto Zadok the priest, Art not thou a seer? return into the city in peace, and your two sons with you, Ahimaaz thy son, and Jonathan the son of Abiathar.
2 Samuel 15:37	So Hushai David's friend came into the city, and Absalom came into Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 16:10	And the king said, What have I to do with you, ye sons of Zeruiah? so let him curse, because the LORD hath said unto him, Curse David. Who shall then say, Wherefore hast thou done so?
2 Samuel 16:20	Then said Absalom to Ahithophel, Give counsel among you what we shall do.
2 Samuel 17:7	And Hushai said unto Absalom, The counsel that Ahithophel hath given is not good at this time.
2 Samuel 17:17	Now Jonathan and Ahimaaz stayed by Enrogel; for they might not be seen to come into the city: and a wench went and told them; and they went and told king David.
2 Samuel 17:27	And it came to pass, when David was come to Mahanaim, that Shobi the son of Nahash of Rabbah of the children of Ammon, and Machir the son of Ammiel of Lodebar, and Barzillai the Gileadite of Rogelim,
2 Samuel 18:8	For the battle was there scattered over the face of all the country: and the wood devoured more people that day than the sword devoured.
2 Samuel 18:18	Now Absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself a pillar, which is in the king's dale: for he said, I have no son to keep my name in remembrance: and he called the pillar after his own name: and it is called unto this day, Absalom's place.
2 Samuel 18:28	And Ahimaaz called, and said unto the king, All is well. And he fell down to the earth upon his face before the king, and said, Blessed be the LORD thy God, which hath delivered up the men that lifted up their hand against my lord the king.
2 Samuel 19:5	And Joab came into the house to the king, and said, Thou hast shamed this day the faces of all thy servants, which this day have saved thy life, and the lives of thy sons and of thy daughters, and the lives of thy wives, and the lives of thy concubines;
2 Samuel 19:15	So the king returned, and came to Jordan. And Judah came to Gilgal, to go to meet the king, to conduct the king over Jordan.
2 Samuel 19:25	And it came to pass, when he was come to Jerusalem to meet the king, that the king said unto him, Wherefore wentest not thou with me, Mephibosheth?
2 Samuel 19:35	I am this day fourscore years old: and can I discern between good and evil? can thy servant taste what I eat or what I drink? can I hear any more the voice of singing men and singing women? wherefore then should thy servant be yet a burden unto my lord the king?
2 Samuel 20:2	So every man of Israel went up from after David, and followed Sheba the son of Bichri: but the men of Judah clave unto their king, from Jordan even to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 20:12	And Amasa wallowed in blood in the midst of the highway. And when the man saw that all the people stood still, he removed Amasa out of the highway into the field, and cast a cloth upon him, when he saw that every one that came by him stood still.
2 Samuel 20:22	Then the woman went unto all the people in her wisdom. And they cut off the head of Sheba the son of Bichri, and cast it out to Joab. And he blew a trumpet, and they retired from the city, every man to his tent. And Joab returned to Jerusalem unto the king.
2 Samuel 21:6	Let seven men of his sons be delivered unto us, and we will hang them up unto the LORD in Gibeah of Saul, whom the LORD did choose. And the king said, I will give them.
2 Samuel 21:16	And Ishbibenob, which was of the sons of the giant, the weight of whose spear weighed three hundred shekels of brass in weight, he being girded with a new sword, thought to have slain David.
2 Samuel 22:4	I will call on the LORD, who is worthy to be praised: so shall I be saved from mine enemies.
2 Samuel 22:14	The LORD thundered from heaven, and the most High uttered his voice.
2 Samuel 22:24	I was also upright before him, and have kept myself from mine iniquity.
2 Samuel 22:34	He maketh my feet like hinds' feet: and setteth me upon my high places.
2 Samuel 22:44	Thou also hast delivered me from the strivings of my people, thou hast kept me to be head of the heathen: a people which I knew not shall serve me.
2 Samuel 23:3	The God of Israel said, the Rock of Israel spake to me, He that ruleth over men must be just, ruling in the fear of God.
2 Samuel 23:13	And three of the thirty chief went down, and came to David in the harvest time unto the cave of Adullam: and the troop of the Philistines pitched in the valley of Rephaim.
2 Samuel 23:23	He was more honorable than the thirty, but he attained not to the first three. And David set him over his guard.
2 Samuel 23:33	Shammah the Hararite, Ahiam the son of Sharar the Hararite,
2 Samuel 24:4	Notwithstanding the king's word prevailed against Joab, and against the captains of the host. And Joab and the captains of the host went out from the presence of the king, to number the people of Israel.
2 Samuel 24:14	And David said unto Gad, I am in a great strait: let us fall now into the hand of the LORD; for his mercies are great: and let me not fall into the hand of man.
2 Samuel 24:24	And the king said unto Araunah, Nay; but I will surely buy it of thee at a price: neither will I offer burnt offerings unto the LORD my God of that which doth cost me nothing. So David bought the threshingfloor and the oxen for fifty shekels of silver.
1 Kings 1:9	And Adonijah slew sheep and oxen and fat cattle by the stone of Zoheleth, which is by Enrogel, and called all his brethren the king's sons, and all the men of Judah the king's servants:
1 Kings 1:19	And he hath slain oxen and fat cattle and sheep in abundance, and hath called all the sons of the king, and Abiathar the priest, and Joab the captain of the host: but Solomon thy servant hath he not called.
1 Kings 1:29	And the king sware, and said, As the LORD liveth, that hath redeemed my soul out of all distress,
1 Kings 1:39	And Zadok the priest took an horn of oil out of the tabernacle, and anointed Solomon. And they blew the trumpet; and all the people said, God save king Solomon.
1 Kings 1:49	And all the guests that were with Adonijah were afraid, and rose up, and went every man his way.
1 Kings 2:6	Do therefore according to thy wisdom, and let not his hoar head go down to the grave in peace.
1 Kings 2:16	And now I ask one petition of thee, deny me not. And she said unto him, Say on.
1 Kings 2:26	And unto Abiathar the priest said the king, Get thee to Anathoth, unto thine own fields; for thou art worthy of death: but I will not at this time put thee to death, because thou barest the ark of the LORD God before David my father, and because thou hast been afflicted in all wherein my father was afflicted.
1 Kings 2:36	And the king sent and called for Shimei, and said unto him, Build thee an house in Jerusalem, and dwell there, and go not forth thence any whither.
1 Kings 2:46	So the king commanded Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; which went out, and fell upon him, that he died. And the kingdom was established in the hand of Solomon.
1 Kings 3:10	And the speech pleased the LORD, that Solomon had asked this thing.
1 Kings 3:20	And she arose at midnight, and took my son from beside me, while thine handmaid slept, and laid it in her bosom, and laid her dead child in my bosom.
1 Kings 4:2	And these were the princes which he had; Azariah the son of Zadok the priest,
1 Kings 4:12	Baana the son of Ahilud; to him pertained Taanach and Megiddo, and all Bethshean, which is by Zartanah beneath Jezreel, from Bethshean to Abelmeholah, even unto the place that is beyond Jokneam:
1 Kings 4:22	And Solomon's provision for one day was thirty measures of fine flour, and threescore measures of meal,
1 Kings 4:32	And he spake three thousand proverbs: and his songs were a thousand and five.
1 Kings 5:8	And Hiram sent to Solomon, saying, I have considered the things which thou sentest to me for: and I will do all thy desire concerning timber of cedar, and concerning timber of fir.
1 Kings 5:18	And Solomon's builders and Hiram's builders did hew them, and the stonesquarers: so they prepared timber and stones to build the house.
1 Kings 6:10	And then he built chambers against all the house, five cubits high: and they rested on the house with timber of cedar.
1 Kings 6:20	And the oracle in the forepart was twenty cubits in length, and twenty cubits in breadth, and twenty cubits in the height thereof: and he overlaid it with pure gold; and so covered the altar which was of cedar.
1 Kings 6:30	And the floors of the house he overlaid with gold, within and without.
1 Kings 7:2	He built also the house of the forest of Lebanon; the length thereof was an hundred cubits, and the breadth thereof fifty cubits, and the height thereof thirty cubits, upon four rows of cedar pillars, with cedar beams upon the pillars.
1 Kings 7:12	And the great court round about was with three rows of hewed stones, and a row of cedar beams, both for the inner court of the house of the LORD, and for the porch of the house.
1 Kings 7:22	And upon the top of the pillars was lily work: so was the work of the pillars finished.
1 Kings 7:32	And under the borders were four wheels; and the axletrees of the wheels were joined to the base: and the height of a wheel was a cubit and half a cubit.
1 Kings 7:42	And four hundred pomegranates for the two networks, even two rows of pomegranates for one network, to cover the two bowls of the chapiters that were upon the pillars;
1 Kings 8:1	Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel, and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel, unto king Solomon in Jerusalem, that they might bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David, which is Zion.
1 Kings 8:11	So that the priests could not stand to minister because of the cloud: for the glory of the LORD had filled the house of the LORD.
1 Kings 8:21	And I have set there a place for the ark, wherein is the covenant of the LORD, which he made with our fathers, when he brought them out of the land of Egypt.
1 Kings 8:31	If any man trespass against his neighbor, and an oath be laid upon him to cause him to swear, and the oath come before thine altar in this house:
1 Kings 8:41	Moreover concerning a stranger, that is not of thy people Israel, but cometh out of a far country for thy name's sake;
1 Kings 8:51	For they be thy people, and thine inheritance, which thou broughtest forth out of Egypt, from the midst of the furnace of iron:
1 Kings 8:61	Let your heart therefore be perfect with the LORD our God, to walk in his statutes, and to keep his commandments, as at this day.
1 Kings 9:5	Then I will establish the throne of thy kingdom upon Israel for ever, as I promised to David thy father, saying, There shall not fail thee a man upon the throne of Israel.
1 Kings 9:15	And this is the reason of the levy which king Solomon raised; for to build the house of the LORD, and his own house, and Millo, and the wall of Jerusalem, and Hazor, and Megiddo, and Gezer.
1 Kings 9:25	And three times in a year did Solomon offer burnt offerings and peace offerings upon the altar which he built unto the LORD, and he burnt incense upon the altar that was before the LORD. So he finished the house.
1 Kings 10:7	Howbeit I believed not the words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the half was not told me: thy wisdom and prosperity exceedeth the fame which I heard.
1 Kings 10:17	And he made three hundred shields of beaten gold; three pound of gold went to one shield: and the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon.
1 Kings 10:27	And the king made silver to be in Jerusalem as stones, and cedars made he to be as the sycamore trees that are in the vale, for abundance.
1 Kings 11:8	And likewise did he for all his strange wives, which burnt incense and sacrificed unto their gods.
1 Kings 11:18	And they arose out of Midian, and came to Paran: and they took men with them out of Paran, and they came to Egypt, unto Pharaoh king of Egypt; which gave him an house, and appointed him victuals, and gave him land.
1 Kings 11:28	And the man Jeroboam was a mighty man of valor: and Solomon seeing the young man that he was industrious, he made him ruler over all the charge of the house of Joseph.
1 Kings 11:38	And it shall be, if thou wilt hearken unto all that I command thee, and wilt walk in my ways, and do that is right in my sight, to keep my statutes and my commandments, as David my servant did; that I will be with thee, and build thee a sure house, as I built for David, and will give Israel unto thee.
1 Kings 12:5	And he said unto them, Depart yet for three days, then come again to me. And the people departed.
1 Kings 12:15	Wherefore the king hearkened not unto the people; for the cause was from the LORD, that he might perform his saying, which the LORD spake by Ahijah the Shilonite unto Jeroboam the son of Nebat.
1 Kings 12:25	Then Jeroboam built Shechem in mount Ephraim, and dwelt therein; and went out from thence, and built Penuel.
1 Kings 13:2	And he cried against the altar in the word of the LORD, and said, O altar, altar, thus saith the LORD; Behold, a child shall be born unto the house of David, Josiah by name; and upon thee shall he offer the priests of the high places that burn incense upon thee, and men's bones shall be burnt upon thee.
1 Kings 13:12	And their father said unto them, What way went he? For his sons had seen what way the man of God went, which came from Judah.
1 Kings 13:22	But camest back, and hast eaten bread and drunk water in the place, of the which the Lord did say to thee, Eat no bread, and drink no water; thy carcass shall not come unto the sepulchre of thy fathers.
1 Kings 13:32	For the saying which he cried by the word of the LORD against the altar in Bethel, and against all the houses of the high places which are in the cities of Samaria, shall surely come to pass.
1 Kings 14:8	And rent the kingdom away from the house of David, and gave it thee: and yet thou hast not been as my servant David, who kept my commandments, and who followed me with all his heart, to do that only which was right in mine eyes;
1 Kings 14:18	And they buried him; and all Israel mourned for him, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by the hand of his servant Ahijah the prophet.
1 Kings 14:28	And it was so, when the king went into the house of the LORD, that the guard bare them, and brought them back into the guard chamber.
1 Kings 15:7	Now the rest of the acts of Abijam, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah? And there was war between Abijam and Jeroboam.
1 Kings 15:17	And Baasha king of Israel went up against Judah, and built Ramah, that he might not suffer any to go out or come in to Asa king of Judah.
1 Kings 15:27	And Baasha the son of Ahijah, of the house of Issachar, conspired against him; and Baasha smote him at Gibbethon, which belonged to the Philistines; for Nadab and all Israel laid siege to Gibbethon.
1 Kings 16:3	Behold, I will take away the posterity of Baasha, and the posterity of his house; and will make thy house like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat.
1 Kings 16:13	For all the sins of Baasha, and the sins of Elah his son, by which they sinned, and by which they made Israel to sin, in provoking the LORD God of Israel to anger with their vanities.
1 Kings 16:23	In the thirty and first year of Asa king of Judah began Omri to reign over Israel, twelve years: six years reigned he in Tirzah.
1 Kings 16:33	And Ahab made a grove; and Ahab did more to provoke the LORD God of Israel to anger than all the kings of Israel that were before him.
1 Kings 17:9	Arise, get thee to Zarephath, which belongeth to Zidon, and dwell there: behold, I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee.
1 Kings 17:19	And he said unto her, Give me thy son. And he took him out of her bosom, and carried him up into a loft, where he abode, and laid him upon his own bed.
1 Kings 18:5	And Ahab said unto Obadiah, Go into the land, unto all fountains of water, and unto all brooks: peradventure we may find grass to save the horses and mules alive, that we lose not all the beasts.
1 Kings 18:15	And Elijah said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, I will surely show myself unto him to day.
1 Kings 18:25	And Elijah said unto the prophets of Baal, Choose you one bullock for yourselves, and dress it first; for ye are many; and call on the name of your gods, but put no fire under.
1 Kings 18:35	And the water ran round about the altar; and he filled the trench also with water.
1 Kings 18:45	And it came to pass in the mean while, that the heaven was black with clouds and wind, and there was a great rain. And Ahab rode, and went to Jezreel.
1 Kings 19:9	And he came thither unto a cave, and lodged there; and, behold, the word of the LORD came to him, and he said unto him, What doest thou here, Elijah?
1 Kings 19:19	So he departed thence, and found Elisha the son of Shaphat, who was plowing with twelve yoke of oxen before him, and he with the twelfth: and Elijah passed by him, and cast his mantle upon him.
1 Kings 20:8	And all the elders and all the people said unto him, Hearken not unto him, nor consent.
1 Kings 20:18	And he said, Whether they be come out for peace, take them alive; or whether they be come out for war, take them alive.
1 Kings 20:28	And there came a man of God, and spake unto the king of Israel, and said, Thus saith the LORD, Because the Syrians have said, The LORD is God of the hills, but he is not God of the valleys, therefore will I deliver all this great multitude into thine hand, and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
1 Kings 20:38	So the prophet departed, and waited for the king by the way, and disguised himself with ashes upon his face.
1 Kings 21:5	But Jezebel his wife came to him, and said unto him, Why is thy spirit so sad, that thou eatest no bread?
1 Kings 21:15	And it came to pass, when Jezebel heard that Naboth was stoned, and was dead, that Jezebel said to Ahab, Arise, take possession of the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite, which he refused to give thee for money: for Naboth is not alive, but dead.
1 Kings 21:25	But there was none like unto Ahab, which did sell himself to work wickedness in the sight of the LORD, whom Jezebel his wife stirred up.
1 Kings 22:6	Then the king of Israel gathered the prophets together, about four hundred men, and said unto them, Shall I go against Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And they said, Go up; for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king.
1 Kings 22:16	And the king said unto him, How many times shall I adjure thee that thou tell me nothing but that which is true in the name of the LORD?
1 Kings 22:26	And the king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and carry him back unto Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son;
1 Kings 22:36	And there went a proclamation throughout the host about the going down of the sun, saying, Every man to his city, and every man to his own country.
1 Kings 22:46	And the remnant of the sodomites, which remained in the days of his father Asa, he took out of the land.
2 Kings 1:3	But the angel of the LORD said to Elijah the Tishbite, Arise, go up to meet the messengers of the king of Samaria, and say unto them, Is it not because there is not a God in Israel, that ye go to enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron?
2 Kings 1:13	And he sent again a captain of the third fifty with his fifty. And the third captain of fifty went up, and came and fell on his knees before Elijah, and besought him, and said unto him, O man of God, I pray thee, let my life, and the life of these fifty thy servants, be precious in thy sight.
2 Kings 2:5	And the sons of the prophets that were at Jericho came to Elisha, and said unto him, Knowest thou that the LORD will take away thy master from thy head to day? And he answered, Yea, I know it; hold ye your peace.
2 Kings 2:15	And when the sons of the prophets which were to view at Jericho saw him, they said, The spirit of Elijah doth rest on Elisha. And they came to meet him, and bowed themselves to the ground before him.
2 Kings 2:25	And he went from thence to mount Carmel, and from thence he returned to Samaria.
2 Kings 3:10	And the king of Israel said, Alas! that the LORD hath called these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of Moab!
2 Kings 3:20	And it came to pass in the morning, when the meat offering was offered, that, behold, there came water by the way of Edom, and the country was filled with water.
2 Kings 4:3	Then he said, Go, borrow thee vessels abroad of all thy neighbors, even empty vessels; borrow not a few.
2 Kings 4:13	And he said unto him, Say now unto her, Behold, thou hast been careful for us with all this care; what is to be done for thee? wouldest thou be spoken for to the king, or to the captain of the host? And she answered, I dwell among mine own people.
2 Kings 4:23	And he said, Wherefore wilt thou go to him to day? it is neither new moon, nor sabbath. And she said, It shall be well.
2 Kings 4:33	He went in therefore, and shut the door upon them twain, and prayed unto the LORD.
2 Kings 4:43	And his servitor said, What, should I set this before an hundred men? He said again, Give the people, that they may eat: for thus saith the LORD, They shall eat, and shall leave thereof.
2 Kings 5:9	So Naaman came with his horses and with his chariot, and stood at the door of the house of Elisha.
2 Kings 5:19	And he said unto him, Go in peace. So he departed from him a little way.
2 Kings 6:2	Let us go, we pray thee, unto Jordan, and take thence every man a beam, and let us make us a place there, where we may dwell. And he answered, Go ye.
2 Kings 6:12	And one of his servants said, None, my lord, O king: but Elisha, the prophet that is in Israel, telleth the king of Israel the words that thou speakest in thy bedchamber.
2 Kings 6:22	And he answered, Thou shalt not smite them: wouldest thou smite those whom thou hast taken captive with thy sword and with thy bow? set bread and water before them, that they may eat and drink, and go to their master.
2 Kings 6:32	But Elisha sat in his house, and the elders sat with him; and the king sent a man from before him: but ere the messenger came to him, he said to the elders, See ye how this son of a murderer hath sent to take away mine head? look, when the messenger cometh, shut the door, and hold him fast at the door: is not the sound of his master's feet behind him?
2 Kings 7:9	Then they said one to another, We do not well: this day is a day of good tidings, and we hold our peace: if we tarry till the morning light, some mischief will come upon us: now therefore come, that we may go and tell the king's household.
2 Kings 7:19	And that lord answered the man of God, and said, Now, behold, if the LORD should make windows in heaven, might such a thing be? And he said, Behold, thou shalt see it with thine eyes, but shalt not eat thereof.
2 Kings 8:9	So Hazael went to meet him, and took a present with him, even of every good thing of Damascus, forty camels' burden, and came and stood before him, and said, Thy son Benhadad king of Syria hath sent me to thee, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?
2 Kings 8:19	Yet the LORD would not destroy Judah for David his servant's sake, as he promised him to give him alway a light, and to his children.
2 Kings 8:29	And king Joram went back to be healed in Jezreel of the wounds which the Syrians had given him at Ramah, when he fought against Hazael king of Syria. And Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to see Joram the son of Ahab in Jezreel, because he was sick.
2 Kings 9:10	And the dogs shall eat Jezebel in the portion of Jezreel, and there shall be none to bury her. And he opened the door, and fled.
2 Kings 9:20	And the watchman told, saying, He came even unto them, and cometh not again: and the driving is like the driving of Jehu the son of Nimshi; for he driveth furiously.
2 Kings 9:30	And when Jehu was come to Jezreel, Jezebel heard of it; and she painted her face, and tired her head, and looked out at a window.
2 Kings 10:3	Look even out the best and meetest of your master's sons, and set him on his father's throne, and fight for your master's house.
2 Kings 10:13	Jehu met with the brethren of Ahaziah king of Judah, and said, Who are ye? And they answered, We are the brethren of Ahaziah; and we go down to salute the children of the king and the children of the queen.
2 Kings 10:23	And Jehu went, and Jehonadab the son of Rechab, into the house of Baal, and said unto the worshippers of Baal, Search, and look that there be here with you none of the servants of the LORD, but the worshippers of Baal only.
2 Kings 10:33	From Jordan eastward, all the land of Gilead, the Gadites, and the Reubenites, and the Manassites, from Aroer, which is by the river Arnon, even Gilead and Bashan.
2 Kings 11:7	And two parts of all you that go forth on the sabbath, even they shall keep the watch of the house of the LORD about the king.
2 Kings 11:17	And Jehoiada made a covenant between the LORD and the king and the people, that they should be the LORD's people; between the king also and the people.
2 Kings 12:6	But it was so, that in the three and twentieth year of king Jehoash the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house.
2 Kings 12:16	The trespass money and sin money was not brought into the house of the LORD: it was the priests'.
2 Kings 13:5	(And the LORD gave Israel a saviour, so that they went out from under the hand of the Syrians: and the children of Israel dwelt in their tents, as beforetime.
2 Kings 13:15	And Elisha said unto him, Take bow and arrows. And he took unto him bow and arrows.
2 Kings 13:25	And Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz took again out of the hand of Benhadad the son of Hazael the cities, which he had taken out of the hand of Jehoahaz his father by war. Three times did Joash beat him, and recovered the cities of Israel.
2 Kings 14:10	Thou hast indeed smitten Edom, and thine heart hath lifted thee up: glory of this, and tarry at home: for why shouldest thou meddle to thy hurt, that thou shouldest fall, even thou, and Judah with thee?
2 Kings 14:20	And they brought him on horses: and he was buried at Jerusalem with his fathers in the city of David.
2 Kings 15:1	In the twenty and seventh year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Azariah son of Amaziah king of Judah to reign.
2 Kings 15:11	And the rest of the acts of Zachariah, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
2 Kings 15:21	And the rest of the acts of Menahem, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
2 Kings 15:31	And the rest of the acts of Pekah, and all that he did, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
2 Kings 16:3	But he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, yea, and made his son to pass through the fire, according to the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD cast out from before the children of Israel.
2 Kings 16:13	And he burnt his burnt offering and his meat offering, and poured his drink offering, and sprinkled the blood of his peace offerings, upon the altar.
2 Kings 17:3	Against him came up Shalmaneser king of Assyria; and Hoshea became his servant, and gave him presents.
2 Kings 17:13	Yet the LORD testified against Israel, and against Judah, by all the prophets, and by all the seers, saying, Turn ye from your evil ways, and keep my commandments and my statutes, according to all the law which I commanded your fathers, and which I sent to you by my servants the prophets.
2 Kings 17:23	Until the LORD removed Israel out of his sight, as he had said by all his servants the prophets. So was Israel carried away out of their own land to Assyria unto this day.
2 Kings 17:33	They feared the LORD, and served their own gods, after the manner of the nations whom they carried away from thence.
2 Kings 18:2	Twenty and five years old was he when he began to reign; and he reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Abi, the daughter of Zachariah.
2 Kings 18:12	Because they obeyed not the voice of the LORD their God, but transgressed his covenant, and all that Moses the servant of the LORD commanded, and would not hear them, nor do them.
2 Kings 18:22	But if ye say unto me, We trust in the LORD our God: is not that he, whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken away, and hath said to Judah and Jerusalem, Ye shall worship before this altar in Jerusalem?
2 Kings 18:32	Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of corn and wine, a land of bread and vineyards, a land of oil olive and of honey, that ye may live, and not die: and hearken not unto Hezekiah, when he persuadeth you, saying, The LORD will deliver us.
2 Kings 19:5	So the servants of king Hezekiah came to Isaiah.
2 Kings 19:15	And Hezekiah prayed before the LORD, and said, O LORD God of Israel, which dwellest between the cherubim, thou art the God, even thou alone, of all the kingdoms of the earth; thou hast made heaven and earth.
2 Kings 19:25	Hast thou not heard long ago how I have done it, and of ancient times that I have formed it? now have I brought it to pass, that thou shouldest be to lay waste fenced cities into ruinous heaps.
2 Kings 19:35	And it came to pass that night, that the angel of the LORD went out, and smote in the camp of the Assyrians an hundred fourscore and five thousand: and when they arose early in the morning, behold, they were all dead corpses.
2 Kings 20:8	And Hezekiah said unto Isaiah, What shall be the sign that the LORD will heal me, and that I shall go up into the house of the LORD the third day?
2 Kings 20:18	And of thy sons that shall issue from thee, which thou shalt beget, shall they take away; and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon.
2 Kings 21:7	And he set a graven image of the grove that he had made in the house, of which the LORD said to David, and to Solomon his son, In this house, and in Jerusalem, which I have chosen out of all tribes of Israel, will I put my name for ever:
2 Kings 21:17	Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his sin that he sinned, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 22:1	Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned thirty and one years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jedidah, the daughter of Adaiah of Boscath.
2 Kings 22:11	And it came to pass, when the king had heard the words of the book of the law, that he rent his clothes.
2 Kings 23:1	And the king sent, and they gathered unto him all the elders of Judah and of Jerusalem.
2 Kings 23:11	And he took away the horses that the kings of Judah had given to the sun, at the entering in of the house of the LORD, by the chamber of Nathanmelech the chamberlain, which was in the suburbs, and burned the chariots of the sun with fire.
2 Kings 23:21	And the king commanded all the people, saying, Keep the passover unto the LORD your God, as it is written in the book of this covenant.
2 Kings 23:31	Jehoahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign; and he reigned three months in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Hamutal, the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
2 Kings 24:4	And also for the innocent blood that he shed: for he filled Jerusalem with innocent blood; which the LORD would not pardon.
2 Kings 24:14	And he carried away all Jerusalem, and all the princes, and all the mighty men of valor, even ten thousand captives, and all the craftsmen and smiths: none remained, save the poorest sort of the people of the land.
2 Kings 25:4	And the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled by night by the way of the gate between two walls, which is by the king's garden: (now the Chaldees were against the city round about:) and the king went the way toward the plain.
2 Kings 25:14	And the pots, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and the spoons, and all the vessels of brass wherewith they ministered, took they away.
2 Kings 25:24	And Gedaliah sware to them, and to their men, and said unto them, Fear not to be the servants of the Chaldees: dwell in the land, and serve the king of Babylon; and it shall be well with you.
1 Chronicles 1:4	Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
1 Chronicles 1:14	The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite,
1 Chronicles 1:24	Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah,
1 Chronicles 1:34	And Abraham begat Isaac. The sons of Isaac; Esau and Israel.
1 Chronicles 1:44	And when Bela was dead, Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 1:54	Duke Magdiel, duke Iram. These are the dukes of Edom.
1 Chronicles 2:10	And Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon, prince of the children of Judah;
1 Chronicles 2:20	And Hur begat Uri, and Uri begat Bezaleel.
1 Chronicles 2:30	And the sons of Nadab; Seled, and Appaim: but Seled died without children.
1 Chronicles 2:40	And Eleasah begat Sisamai, and Sisamai begat Shallum,
1 Chronicles 2:50	These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah; Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim.
1 Chronicles 3:5	And these were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shimea, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon, four, of Bathshua the daughter of Ammiel:
1 Chronicles 3:15	And the sons of Josiah were, the firstborn Johanan, the second Jehoiakim, the third Zedekiah, the fourth Shallum.
1 Chronicles 4:1	The sons of Judah; Pharez, Hezron, and Carmi, and Hur, and Shobal.
1 Chronicles 4:11	And Chelub the brother of Shuah begat Mehir, which was the father of Eshton.
1 Chronicles 4:21	The sons of Shelah the son of Judah were, Er the father of Lecah, and Laadah the father of Mareshah, and the families of the house of them that wrought fine linen, of the house of Ashbea,
1 Chronicles 4:31	And at Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusim, and at Bethbirei, and at Shaaraim. These were their cities unto the reign of David.
1 Chronicles 4:41	And these written by name came in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and smote their tents, and the habitations that were found there, and destroyed them utterly unto this day, and dwelt in their rooms: because there was pasture there for their flocks.
1 Chronicles 5:8	And Bela the son of Azaz, the son of Shema, the son of Joel, who dwelt in Aroer, even unto Nebo and Baalmeon:
1 Chronicles 5:18	The sons of Reuben, and the Gadites, and half the tribe of Manasseh, of valiant men, men able to bear buckler and sword, and to shoot with bow, and skillful in war, were four and forty thousand seven hundred and threescore, that went out to the war.
1 Chronicles 6:2	And the sons of Kohath; Amram, Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel.
1 Chronicles 6:12	And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Shallum,
1 Chronicles 6:22	The sons of Kohath; Amminadab his son, Korah his son, Assir his son,
1 Chronicles 6:32	And they ministered before the dwelling place of the tabernacle of the congregation with singing, until Solomon had built the house of the LORD in Jerusalem: and then they waited on their office according to their order.
1 Chronicles 6:42	The son of Ethan, the son of Zimmah, the son of Shimei,
1 Chronicles 6:52	Meraioth his son, Amariah his son, Ahitub his son,
1 Chronicles 6:62	And to the sons of Gershom throughout their families out of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities.
1 Chronicles 6:72	And out of the tribe of Issachar; Kedesh with her suburbs, Daberath with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 7:1	Now the sons of Issachar were, Tola, and Puah, Jashub, and Shimrom, four.
1 Chronicles 7:11	All these the sons of Jediael, by the heads of their fathers, mighty men of valor, were seventeen thousand and two hundred soldiers, fit to go out for war and battle.
1 Chronicles 7:21	And Zabad his son, and Shuthelah his son, and Ezer, and Elead, whom the men of Gath that were born in that land slew, because they came down to take away their cattle.
1 Chronicles 7:31	And the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel, who is the father of Birzavith.
1 Chronicles 8:1	Now Benjamin begat Bela his firstborn, Ashbel the second, and Aharah the third,
1 Chronicles 8:11	And of Hushim he begat Abitub, and Elpaal.
1 Chronicles 8:21	And Adaiah, and Beraiah, and Shimrath, the sons of Shimhi;
1 Chronicles 8:31	And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zacher.
1 Chronicles 9:1	So all Israel were reckoned by genealogies; and, behold, they were written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah, who were carried away to Babylon for their transgression.
1 Chronicles 9:11	And Azariah the son of Hilkiah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, the ruler of the house of God;
1 Chronicles 9:21	And Zechariah the son of Meshelemiah was porter of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
1 Chronicles 9:31	And Mattithiah, one of the Levites, who was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahite, had the set office over the things that were made in the pans.
1 Chronicles 9:41	And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tahrea, and Ahaz.
1 Chronicles 10:7	And when all the men of Israel that were in the valley saw that they fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, then they forsook their cities, and fled: and the Philistines came and dwelt in them.
1 Chronicles 11:3	Therefore came all the elders of Israel to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before the LORD; and they anointed David king over Israel, according to the word of the LORD by Samuel.
1 Chronicles 11:13	He was with David at Pasdammim, and there the Philistines were gathered together to battle, where was a parcel of ground full of barley; and the people fled from before the Philistines.
1 Chronicles 11:23	And he slew an Egyptian, a man of great stature, five cubits high; and in the Egyptian's hand was a spear like a weaver's beam; and he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with his own spear.
1 Chronicles 11:33	Azmaveth the Baharumite, Eliahba the Shaalbonite,
1 Chronicles 11:43	Hanan the son of Maachah, and Joshaphat the Mithnite,
1 Chronicles 12:6	Elkanah, and Jesiah, and Azareel, and Joezer, and Jashobeam, the Korhites,
1 Chronicles 12:16	And there came of the children of Benjamin and Judah to the hold unto David.
1 Chronicles 12:26	Of the children of Levi four thousand and six hundred.
1 Chronicles 12:36	And of Asher, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, forty thousand.
1 Chronicles 13:6	And David went up, and all Israel, to Baalah, that is, to Kirjathjearim, which belonged to Judah, to bring up thence the ark of God the LORD, that dwelleth between the cherubim, whose name is called on it.
1 Chronicles 14:2	And David perceived that the LORD had confirmed him king over Israel, for his kingdom was lifted up on high, because of his people Israel.
1 Chronicles 14:12	And when they had left their gods there, David gave a commandment, and they were burned with fire.
1 Chronicles 15:5	Of the sons of Kohath; Uriel the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twenty:
1 Chronicles 15:15	And the children of the Levites bare the ark of God upon their shoulders with the staves thereon, as Moses commanded according to the word of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 15:25	So David, and the elders of Israel, and the captains over thousands, went to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the house of Obededom with joy.
1 Chronicles 16:6	Benaiah also and Jahaziel the priests with trumpets continually before the ark of the covenant of God.
1 Chronicles 16:16	Even of the covenant which he made with Abraham, and of his oath unto Isaac;
1 Chronicles 16:26	For all the gods of the people are idols: but the LORD made the heavens.
1 Chronicles 16:36	Blessed be the LORD God of Israel for ever and ever. And all the people said, Amen, and praised the LORD.
1 Chronicles 17:3	And it came to pass the same night, that the word of God came to Nathan, saying,
1 Chronicles 17:13	I will be his father, and he shall be my son: and I will not take my mercy away from him, as I took it from him that was before thee:
1 Chronicles 17:23	Therefore now, LORD, let the thing that thou hast spoken concerning thy servant and concerning his house be established for ever, and do as thou hast said.
1 Chronicles 18:6	Then David put garrisons in Syriadamascus; and the Syrians became David's servants, and brought gifts. Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went.
1 Chronicles 18:16	And Zadok the son of Ahitub, and Abimelech the son of Abiathar, were the priests; and Shavsha was scribe;
1 Chronicles 19:9	And the children of Ammon came out, and put the battle in array before the gate of the city: and the kings that were come were by themselves in the field.
1 Chronicles 19:19	And when the servants of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with David, and became his servants: neither would the Syrians help the children of Ammon any more.
1 Chronicles 21:2	And David said to Joab and to the rulers of the people, Go, number Israel from Beersheba even to Dan; and bring the number of them to me, that I may know it.
1 Chronicles 21:12	Either three years' famine; or three months to be destroyed before thy foes, while that the sword of thine enemies overtaketh thee; or else three days the sword of the LORD, even the pestilence, in the land, and the angel of the LORD destroying throughout all the coasts of Israel. Now therefore advise thyself what word I shall bring again to him that sent me.
1 Chronicles 21:22	Then David said to Ornan, Grant me the place of this threshingfloor, that I may build an altar therein unto the LORD: thou shalt grant it me for the full price: that the plague may be stayed from the people.
1 Chronicles 22:2	And David commanded to gather together the strangers that were in the land of Israel; and he set masons to hew wrought stones to build the house of God.
1 Chronicles 22:12	Only the LORD give thee wisdom and understanding, and give thee charge concerning Israel, that thou mayest keep the law of the LORD thy God.
1 Chronicles 23:3	Now the Levites were numbered from the age of thirty years and upward: and their number by their polls, man by man, was thirty and eight thousand.
1 Chronicles 23:13	The sons of Amram; Aaron and Moses: and Aaron was separated, that he should sanctify the most holy things, he and his sons for ever, to burn incense before the LORD, to minister unto him, and to bless in his name for ever.
1 Chronicles 23:23	The sons of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jeremoth, three.
1 Chronicles 24:1	Now these are the divisions of the sons of Aaron. The sons of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
1 Chronicles 24:11	The ninth to Jeshuah, the tenth to Shecaniah,
1 Chronicles 24:21	Concerning Rehabiah: of the sons of Rehabiah, the first was Isshiah.
1 Chronicles 24:31	These likewise cast lots over against their brethren the sons of Aaron in the presence of David the king, and Zadok, and Ahimelech, and the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites, even the principal fathers over against their younger brethren.
1 Chronicles 25:10	The third to Zaccur, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 25:20	The thirteenth to Shubael, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 25:30	The three and twentieth to Mahazioth, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 26:9	And Meshelemiah had sons and brethren, strong men, eighteen.
1 Chronicles 26:19	These are the divisions of the porters among the sons of Kore, and among the sons of Merari.
1 Chronicles 26:29	Of the Izharites, Chenaniah and his sons were for the outward business over Israel, for officers and judges.
1 Chronicles 27:7	The fourth captain for the fourth month was Asahel the brother of Joab, and Zebadiah his son after him: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 27:17	Of the Levites, Hashabiah the son of Kemuel: of the Aaronites, Zadok:
1 Chronicles 27:27	And over the vineyards was Shimei the Ramathite: over the increase of the vineyards for the wine cellars was Zabdi the Shiphmite:
1 Chronicles 28:3	But God said unto me, Thou shalt not build an house for my name, because thou hast been a man of war, and hast shed blood.
1 Chronicles 28:13	Also for the courses of the priests and the Levites, and for all the work of the service of the house of the LORD, and for all the vessels of service in the house of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 29:2	Now I have prepared with all my might for the house of my God the gold for things to be made of gold, and the silver for things of silver, and the brass for things of brass, the iron for things of iron, and wood for things of wood; onyx stones, and stones to be set, glistering stones, and of divers colors, and all manner of precious stones, and marble stones in abundance.
1 Chronicles 29:12	Both riches and honor come of thee, and thou reignest over all; and in thine hand is power and might; and in thine hand it is to make great, and to give strength unto all.
1 Chronicles 29:22	And did eat and drink before the LORD on that day with great gladness. And they made Solomon the son of David king the second time, and anointed him unto the LORD to be the chief governor, and Zadok to be priest.
2 Chronicles 1:2	Then Solomon spake unto all Israel, to the captains of thousands and of hundreds, and to the judges, and to every governor in all Israel, the chief of the fathers.
2 Chronicles 1:12	Wisdom and knowledge is granted unto thee; and I will give thee riches, and wealth, and honor, such as none of the kings have had that have been before thee, neither shall there any after thee have the like.
2 Chronicles 2:5	And the house which I build is great: for great is our God above all gods.
2 Chronicles 2:15	Now therefore the wheat, and the barley, the oil, and the wine, which my lord hath spoken of, let him send unto his servants:
2 Chronicles 3:7	He overlaid also the house, the beams, the posts, and the walls thereof, and the doors thereof, with gold; and graved cherubim on the walls.
2 Chronicles 3:17	And he reared up the pillars before the temple, one on the right hand, and the other on the left; and called the name of that on the right hand Jachin, and the name of that on the left Boaz.
2 Chronicles 4:10	And he set the sea on the right side of the east end, over against the south.
2 Chronicles 4:20	Moreover the candlesticks with their lamps, that they should burn after the manner before the oracle, of pure gold;
2 Chronicles 5:8	For the cherubim spread forth their wings over the place of the ark, and the cherubim covered the ark and the staves thereof above.
2 Chronicles 6:4	And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel, who hath with his hands fulfilled that which he spake with his mouth to my father David, saying,
2 Chronicles 6:14	And said, O LORD God of Israel, there is no God like thee in the heaven, nor in the earth; which keepest covenant, and showest mercy unto thy servants, that walk before thee with all their hearts:
2 Chronicles 6:24	And if thy people Israel be put to the worse before the enemy, because they have sinned against thee; and shall return and confess thy name, and pray and make supplication before thee in this house;
2 Chronicles 6:34	If thy people go out to war against their enemies by the way that thou shalt send them, and they pray unto thee toward this city which thou hast chosen, and the house which I have built for thy name;
2 Chronicles 7:2	And the priests could not enter into the house of the LORD, because the glory of the LORD had filled the LORD's house.
2 Chronicles 7:12	And the LORD appeared to Solomon by night, and said unto him, I have heard thy prayer, and have chosen this place to myself for an house of sacrifice.
2 Chronicles 7:22	And it shall be answered, Because they forsook the LORD God of their fathers, which brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, and laid hold on other gods, and worshipped them, and served them: therefore hath he brought all this evil upon them.
2 Chronicles 8:10	And these were the chief of king Solomon's officers, even two hundred and fifty, that bare rule over the people.
2 Chronicles 9:2	And Solomon told her all her questions: and there was nothing hid from Solomon which he told her not.
2 Chronicles 9:12	And king Solomon gave to the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked, beside that which she had brought unto the king. So she turned, and went away to her own land, she and her servants.
2 Chronicles 9:22	And king Solomon passed all the kings of the earth in riches and wisdom.
2 Chronicles 10:1	And Rehoboam went to Shechem: for to Shechem were all Israel come to make him king.
2 Chronicles 10:11	For whereas my father put a heavy yoke upon you, I will put more to your yoke: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
2 Chronicles 11:2	But the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah the man of God, saying,
2 Chronicles 11:12	And in every several city he put shields and spears, and made them exceeding strong, having Judah and Benjamin on his side.
2 Chronicles 11:22	And Rehoboam made Abijah the son of Maachah the chief, to be ruler among his brethren: for he thought to make him king.
2 Chronicles 12:9	So Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, and took away the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house; he took all: he carried away also the shields of gold which Solomon had made.
2 Chronicles 13:3	And Abijah set the battle in array with an army of valiant men of war, even four hundred thousand chosen men: Jeroboam also set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men, being mighty men of valor.
2 Chronicles 13:13	But Jeroboam caused an ambushment to come about behind them: so they were before Judah, and the ambushment was behind them.
2 Chronicles 14:1	So Abijah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of David: and Asa his son reigned in his stead. In his days the land was quiet ten years.
2 Chronicles 14:11	And Asa cried unto the LORD his God, and said, LORD, it is nothing with thee to help, whether with many, or with them that have no power: help us, O LORD our God; for we rest on thee, and in thy name we go against this multitude. O LORD, thou art our God; let no man prevail against thee.
2 Chronicles 15:6	And nation was destroyed of nation, and city of city: for God did vex them with all adversity.
2 Chronicles 15:16	And also concerning Maachah the mother of Asa the king, he removed her from being queen, because she had made an idol in a grove: and Asa cut down her idol, and stamped it, and burnt it at the brook Kidron.
2 Chronicles 16:7	And at that time Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said unto him, Because thou hast relied on the king of Syria, and not relied on the LORD thy God, therefore is the host of the king of Syria escaped out of thine hand.
2 Chronicles 17:3	And the LORD was with Jehoshaphat, because he walked in the first ways of his father David, and sought not unto Baalim;
2 Chronicles 17:13	And he had much business in the cities of Judah: and the men of war, mighty men of valor, were in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 18:4	And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of the LORD to day.
2 Chronicles 18:14	And when he was come to the king, the king said unto him, Micaiah, shall we go to Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And he said, Go ye up, and prosper, and they shall be delivered into your hand.
2 Chronicles 18:24	And Micaiah said, Behold, thou shalt see on that day when thou shalt go into an inner chamber to hide thyself.
2 Chronicles 18:34	And the battle increased that day: howbeit the king of Israel stayed himself up in his chariot against the Syrians until the even: and about the time of the sun going down he died.
2 Chronicles 19:10	And what cause soever shall come to you of your brethren that dwell in your cities, between blood and blood, between law and commandment, statutes and judgments, ye shall even warn them that they trespass not against the LORD, and so wrath come upon you, and upon your brethren: this do, and ye shall not trespass.
2 Chronicles 20:9	If, when evil cometh upon us, as the sword, judgment, or pestilence, or famine, we stand before this house, and in thy presence, (for thy name is in this house,) and cry unto thee in our affliction, then thou wilt hear and help.
2 Chronicles 20:19	And the Levites, of the children of the Kohathites, and of the children of the Korhites, stood up to praise the LORD God of Israel with a loud voice on high.
2 Chronicles 20:29	And the fear of God was on all the kingdoms of those countries, when they had heard that the LORD fought against the enemies of Israel.
2 Chronicles 21:2	And he had brethren the sons of Jehoshaphat, Azariah, and Jehiel, and Zechariah, and Azariah, and Michael, and Shephatiah: all these were the sons of Jehoshaphat king of Israel.
2 Chronicles 21:12	And there came a writing to him from Elijah the prophet, saying, Thus saith the LORD God of David thy father, Because thou hast not walked in the ways of Jehoshaphat thy father, nor in the ways of Asa king of Judah,
2 Chronicles 22:2	Forty and two years old was Ahaziah when he began to reign, and he reigned one year in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
2 Chronicles 22:12	And he was with them hid in the house of God six years: and Athaliah reigned over the land.
2 Chronicles 23:10	And he set all the people, every man having his weapon in his hand, from the right side of the temple to the left side of the temple, along by the altar and the temple, by the king round about.
2 Chronicles 23:20	And he took the captains of hundreds, and the nobles, and the governors of the people, and all the people of the land, and brought down the king from the house of the LORD: and they came through the high gate into the king's house, and set the king upon the throne of the kingdom.
2 Chronicles 24:9	And they made a proclamation through Judah and Jerusalem, to bring in to the LORD the collection that Moses the servant of God laid upon Israel in the wilderness.
2 Chronicles 24:19	Yet he sent prophets to them, to bring them again unto the LORD; and they testified against them: but they would not give ear.
2 Chronicles 25:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, but not with a perfect heart.
2 Chronicles 25:12	And other ten thousand left alive did the children of Judah carry away captive, and brought them unto the top of the rock, and cast them down from the top of the rock, that they all were broken in pieces.
2 Chronicles 25:22	And Judah was put to the worse before Israel, and they fled every man to his tent.
2 Chronicles 26:4	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father Amaziah did.
2 Chronicles 26:14	And Uzziah prepared for them throughout all the host shields, and spears, and helmets, and habergeons, and bows, and slings to cast stones.
2 Chronicles 27:1	Jotham was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Jerushah, the daughter of Zadok.
2 Chronicles 28:2	For he walked in the ways of the kings of Israel, and made also molten images for Baalim.
2 Chronicles 28:12	Then certain of the heads of the children of Ephraim, Azariah the son of Johanan, Berechiah the son of Meshillemoth, and Jehizkiah the son of Shallum, and Amasa the son of Hadlai, stood up against them that came from the war,
2 Chronicles 28:22	And in the time of his distress did he trespass yet more against the LORD: this is that king Ahaz.
2 Chronicles 29:5	And said unto them, Hear me, ye Levites, sanctify now yourselves, and sanctify the house of the LORD God of your fathers, and carry forth the filthiness out of the holy place.
2 Chronicles 29:15	And they gathered their brethren, and sanctified themselves, and came, according to the commandment of the king, by the words of the LORD, to cleanse the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 29:25	And he set the Levites in the house of the LORD with cymbals, with psalteries, and with harps, according to the commandment of David, and of Gad the king's seer, and Nathan the prophet: for so was the commandment of the LORD by his prophets.
2 Chronicles 29:35	And also the burnt offerings were in abundance, with the fat of the peace offerings, and the drink offerings for every burnt offering. So the service of the house of the LORD was set in order.
2 Chronicles 30:9	For if ye turn again unto the LORD, your brethren and your children shall find compassion before them that lead them captive, so that they shall come again into this land: for the LORD your God is gracious and merciful, and will not turn away his face from you, if ye return unto him.
2 Chronicles 30:19	That prepareth his heart to seek God, the LORD God of his fathers, though he be not cleansed according to the purification of the sanctuary.
2 Chronicles 31:2	And Hezekiah appointed the courses of the priests and the Levites after their courses, every man according to his service, the priests and Levites for burnt offerings and for peace offerings, to minister, and to give thanks, and to praise in the gates of the tents of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 31:12	And brought in the offerings and the tithes and the dedicated things faithfully: over which Cononiah the Levite was ruler, and Shimei his brother was the next.
2 Chronicles 32:1	After these things, and the establishment thereof, Sennacherib king of Assyria came, and entered into Judah, and encamped against the fenced cities, and thought to win them for himself.
2 Chronicles 32:11	Doth not Hezekiah persuade you to give over yourselves to die by famine and by thirst, saying, The LORD our God shall deliver us out of the hand of the king of Assyria?
2 Chronicles 32:21	And the LORD sent an angel, which cut off all the mighty men of valor, and the leaders and captains in the camp of the king of Assyria. So he returned with shame of face to his own land. And when he was come into the house of his god, they that came forth of his own bowels slew him there with the sword.
2 Chronicles 32:31	Howbeit in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of Babylon, who sent unto him to enquire of the wonder that was done in the land, God left him, to try him, that he might know all that was in his heart.
2 Chronicles 33:8	Neither will I any more remove the foot of Israel from out of the land which I have appointed for your fathers; so that they will take heed to do all that I have commanded them, according to the whole law and the statutes and the ordinances by the hand of Moses.
2 Chronicles 33:18	Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and his prayer unto his God, and the words of the seers that spake to him in the name of the LORD God of Israel, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel.
2 Chronicles 34:3	For in the eighth year of his reign, while he was yet young, he began to seek after the God of David his father: and in the twelfth year he began to purge Judah and Jerusalem from the high places, and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images.
2 Chronicles 34:13	Also they were over the bearers of burdens, and were overseers of all that wrought the work in any manner of service: and of the Levites there were scribes, and officers, and porters.
2 Chronicles 34:23	And she answered them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Tell ye the man that sent you to me,
2 Chronicles 34:33	And Josiah took away all the abominations out of all the countries that pertained to the children of Israel, and made all that were present in Israel to serve, even to serve the LORD their God. And all his days they departed not from following the LORD, the God of their fathers.
2 Chronicles 35:10	So the service was prepared, and the priests stood in their place, and the Levites in their courses, according to the king's commandment.
2 Chronicles 35:20	After all this, when Josiah had prepared the temple, Necho king of Egypt came up to fight against Charchemish by Euphrates: and Josiah went out against him.
2 Chronicles 36:3	And the king of Egypt put him down at Jerusalem, and condemned the land in an hundred talents of silver and a talent of gold.
2 Chronicles 36:13	And he also rebelled against king Nebuchadnezzar, who had made him swear by God: but he stiffened his neck, and hardened his heart from turning unto the LORD God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 36:23	Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, All the kingdoms of the earth hath the LORD God of heaven given me; and he hath charged me to build him an house in Jerusalem, which is in Judah. Who is there among you of all his people? The LORD his God be with him, and let him go up.
Ezra 1:10	Thirty basins of gold, silver basins of a second sort four hundred and ten, and other vessels a thousand.
Ezra 2:9	The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore.
Ezra 2:19	The children of Hashum, two hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:29	The children of Nebo, fifty and two.
Ezra 2:39	The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen.
Ezra 2:49	The children of Uzza, the children of Paseah, the children of Besai,
Ezra 2:59	And these were they which went up from Telmelah, Telharsa, Cherub, Addan, and Immer: but they could not shew their father's house, and their seed, whether they were of Israel:
Ezra 2:69	They gave after their ability unto the treasure of the work threescore and one thousand drams of gold, and five thousand pound of silver, and one hundred priests' garments.
Ezra 3:9	Then stood Jeshua with his sons and his brethren, Kadmiel and his sons, the sons of Judah, together, to set forward the workmen in the house of God: the sons of Henadad, with their sons and their brethren the Levites.
Ezra 4:6	And in the reign of Ahasuerus, in the beginning of his reign, wrote they unto him an accusation against the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem.
Ezra 4:16	We certify the king that, if this city be builded again, and the walls thereof set up, by this means thou shalt have no portion on this side the river.
Ezra 5:2	Then rose up Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and began to build the house of God which is at Jerusalem: and with them were the prophets of God helping them.
Ezra 5:12	But after that our fathers had provoked the God of heaven unto wrath, he gave them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, the Chaldean, who destroyed this house, and carried the people away into Babylon.
Ezra 6:5	And also let the golden and silver vessels of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took forth out of the temple which is at Jerusalem, and brought unto Babylon, be restored, and brought again unto the temple which is at Jerusalem, every one to his place, and place them in the house of God.
Ezra 6:15	And this house was finished on the third day of the month Adar, which was in the sixth year of the reign of Darius the king.
Ezra 7:3	The son of Amariah, the son of Azariah, the son of Meraioth,
Ezra 7:13	I make a decree, that all they of the people of Israel, and of his priests and Levites, in my realm, which are minded of their own freewill to go up to Jerusalem, go with thee.
Ezra 7:23	Whatsoever is commanded by the God of heaven, let it be diligently done for the house of the God of heaven: for why should there be wrath against the realm of the king and his sons?
Ezra 8:5	Of the sons of Shechaniah; the son of Jahaziel, and with him three hundred males.
Ezra 8:15	And I gathered them together to the river that runneth to Ahava; and there abode we in tents three days: and I viewed the people, and the priests, and found there none of the sons of Levi.
Ezra 8:25	And weighed unto them the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, even the offering of the house of our God, which the king, and his counsellors, and his lords, and all Israel there present, had offered:
Ezra 8:35	Also the children of those that had been carried away, which were come out of the captivity, offered burnt offerings unto the God of Israel, twelve bullocks for all Israel, ninety and six rams, seventy and seven lambs, twelve he goats for a sin offering: all this was a burnt offering unto the LORD.
Ezra 9:9	For we were bondmen; yet our God hath not forsaken us in our bondage, but hath extended mercy unto us in the sight of the kings of Persia, to give us a reviving, to set up the house of our God, and to repair the desolations thereof, and to give us a wall in Judah and in Jerusalem.
Ezra 10:4	Arise; for this matter belongeth unto thee: we also will be with thee: be of good courage, and do it.
Ezra 10:14	Let now our rulers of all the congregation stand, and let all them which have taken strange wives in our cities come at appointed times, and with them the elders of every city, and the judges thereof, until the fierce wrath of our God for this matter be turned from us.
Ezra 10:24	Of the singers also; Eliashib: and of the porters; Shallum, and Telem, and Uri.
Ezra 10:34	Of the sons of Bani; Maadai, Amram, and Uel,
Ezra 10:44	All these had taken strange wives: and some of them had wives by whom they had children.
Nehemiah 1:10	Now these are thy servants and thy people, whom thou hast redeemed by thy great power, and by thy strong hand.
Nehemiah 2:9	Then I came to the governors beyond the river, and gave them the king's letters. Now the king had sent captains of the army and horsemen with me.
Nehemiah 2:19	But when Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, and Geshem the Arabian, heard it, they laughed us to scorn, and despised us, and said, What is this thing that ye do? will ye rebel against the king?
Nehemiah 3:9	And next unto them repaired Rephaiah the son of Hur, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 3:19	And next to him repaired Ezer the son of Jeshua, the ruler of Mizpah, another piece over against the going up to the armoury at the turning of the wall.
Nehemiah 3:29	After them repaired Zadok the son of Immer over against his house. After him repaired also Shemaiah the son of Shechaniah, the keeper of the east gate.
Nehemiah 4:7	But it came to pass, that when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and the Arabians, and the Ammonites, and the Ashdodites, heard that the walls of Jerusalem were made up, and that the breaches began to be stopped, then they were very wroth,
Nehemiah 4:17	They which builded on the wall, and they that bare burdens, with those that laded, every one with one of his hands wrought in the work, and with the other hand held a weapon.
Nehemiah 5:4	There were also that said, We have borrowed money for the king's tribute, and that upon our lands and vineyards.
Nehemiah 5:14	Moreover from the time that I was appointed to be their governor in the land of Judah, from the twentieth year even unto the two and thirtieth year of Artaxerxes the king, that is, twelve years, I and my brethren have not eaten the bread of the governor.
Nehemiah 6:5	Then sent Sanballat his servant unto me in like manner the fifth time with an open letter in his hand;
Nehemiah 6:15	So the wall was finished in the twenty and fifth day of the month Elul, in fifty and two days.
Nehemiah 7:6	These are the children of the province, that went up out of the captivity, of those that had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away, and came again to Jerusalem and to Judah, every one unto his city;
Nehemiah 7:16	The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and eight.
Nehemiah 7:26	The men of Bethlehem and Netophah, an hundred fourscore and eight.
Nehemiah 7:36	The children of Jericho, three hundred forty and five.
Nehemiah 7:46	The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hashupha, the children of Tabbaoth,
Nehemiah 7:56	The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha.
Nehemiah 7:66	The whole congregation together was forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore,
Nehemiah 8:3	And he read therein before the street that was before the water gate from the morning until midday, before the men and the women, and those that could understand; and the ears of all the people were attentive unto the book of the law.
Nehemiah 8:13	And on the second day were gathered together the chief of the fathers of all the people, the priests, and the Levites, unto Ezra the scribe, even to understand the words of the law.
Nehemiah 9:5	Then the Levites, Jeshua, and Kadmiel, Bani, Hashabniah, Sherebiah, Hodijah, Shebaniah, and Pethahiah, said, Stand up and bless the LORD your God for ever and ever: and blessed be thy glorious name, which is exalted above all blessing and praise.
Nehemiah 9:15	And gavest them bread from heaven for their hunger, and broughtest forth water for them out of the rock for their thirst, and promisedst them that they should go in to possess the land which thou hadst sworn to give them.
Nehemiah 9:25	And they took strong cities, and a fat land, and possessed houses full of all goods, wells digged, vineyards, and oliveyards, and fruit trees in abundance: so they did eat, and were filled, and became fat, and delighted themselves in thy great goodness.
Nehemiah 9:35	For they have not served thee in their kingdom, and in thy great goodness that thou gavest them, and in the large and fat land which thou gavest before them, neither turned they from their wicked works.
Nehemiah 10:7	Meshullam, Abijah, Mijamin,
Nehemiah 10:17	Ater, Hizkijah, Azzur,
Nehemiah 10:27	Malluch, Harim, Baanah.
Nehemiah 10:37	And that we should bring the firstfruits of our dough, and our offerings, and the fruit of all manner of trees, of wine and of oil, unto the priests, to the chambers of the house of our God; and the tithes of our ground unto the Levites, that the same Levites might have the tithes in all the cities of our tillage.
Nehemiah 11:8	And after him Gabbai, Sallai, nine hundred twenty and eight.
Nehemiah 11:18	All the Levites in the holy city were two hundred fourscore and four.
Nehemiah 11:28	And at Ziklag, and at Mekonah, and in the villages thereof,
Nehemiah 12:2	Amariah, Malluch, Hattush,
Nehemiah 12:12	And in the days of Joiakim were priests, the chief of the fathers: of Seraiah, Meraiah; of Jeremiah, Hananiah;
Nehemiah 12:22	The Levites in the days of Eliashib, Joiada, and Johanan, and Jaddua, were recorded chief of the fathers: also the priests, to the reign of Darius the Persian.
Nehemiah 12:32	And after them went Hoshaiah, and half of the princes of Judah,
Nehemiah 12:42	And Maaseiah, and Shemaiah, and Eleazar, and Uzzi, and Jehohanan, and Malchijah, and Elam, and Ezer. And the singers sang loud, with Jezrahiah their overseer.
Nehemiah 13:5	And he had prepared for him a great chamber, where aforetime they laid the meat offerings, the frankincense, and the vessels, and the tithes of the corn, the new wine, and the oil, which was commanded to be given to the Levites, and the singers, and the porters; and the offerings of the priests.
Nehemiah 13:15	In those days saw I in Judah some treading wine presses on the sabbath, and bringing in sheaves, and lading asses; as also wine, grapes, and figs, and all manner of burdens, which they brought into Jerusalem on the sabbath day: and I testified against them in the day wherein they sold victuals.
Nehemiah 13:25	And I contended with them, and cursed them, and smote certain of them, and plucked off their hair, and made them swear by God, saying, Ye shall not give your daughters unto their sons, nor take their daughters unto your sons, or for yourselves.
Esther 1:4	When he shewed the riches of his glorious kingdom and the honour of his excellent majesty many days, even an hundred and fourscore days.
Esther 1:14	And the next unto him was Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memucan, the seven princes of Persia and Media, which saw the king's face, and which sat the first in the kingdom;)
Esther 2:2	Then said the king's servants that ministered unto him, Let there be fair young virgins sought for the king:
Esther 2:12	Now when every maid's turn was come to go in to king Ahasuerus, after that she had been twelve months, according to the manner of the women, (for so were the days of their purifications accomplished, to wit, six months with oil of myrrh, and six months with sweet odours, and with other things for the purifying of the women;)
Esther 2:22	And the thing was known to Mordecai, who told it unto Esther the queen; and Esther certified the king thereof in Mordecai's name.
Esther 3:9	If it please the king, let it be written that they may be destroyed: and I will pay ten thousand talents of silver to the hands of those that have the charge of the business, to bring it into the king's treasuries.
Esther 4:4	So Esther's maids and her chamberlains came and told it her. Then was the queen exceedingly grieved; and she sent raiment to clothe Mordecai, and to take away his sackcloth from him: but he received it not.
Esther 4:14	For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, then shall there enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place; but thou and thy father's house shall be destroyed: and who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this?
Esther 5:7	Then answered Esther, and said, My petition and my request is;
Esther 6:3	And the king said, What honour and dignity hath been done to Mordecai for this? Then said the king's servants that ministered unto him, There is nothing done for him.
Esther 6:13	And Haman told Zeresh his wife and all his friends every thing that had befallen him. Then said his wise men and Zeresh his wife unto him, If Mordecai be of the seed of the Jews, before whom thou hast begun to fall, thou shalt not prevail against him, but shalt surely fall before him.
Esther 7:9	And Harbonah, one of the chamberlains, said before the king, Behold also, the gallows fifty cubits high, which Haman had made for Mordecai, who spoken good for the king, standeth in the house of Haman. Then the king said, Hang him thereon.
Esther 8:9	Then were the king's scribes called at that time in the third month, that is, the month Sivan, on the three and twentieth day thereof; and it was written according to all that Mordecai commanded unto the Jews, and to the lieutenants, and the deputies and rulers of the provinces which are from India unto Ethiopia, an hundred twenty and seven provinces, unto every province according to the writing thereof, and unto every people after their language, and to the Jews according to their writing, and 
Esther 9:2	The Jews gathered themselves together in their cities throughout all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus, to lay hand on such as sought their hurt: and no man could withstand them; for the fear of them fell upon all people.
Esther 9:12	And the king said unto Esther the queen, The Jews have slain and destroyed five hundred men in Shushan the palace, and the ten sons of Haman; what have they done in the rest of the king's provinces? now what is thy petition? and it shall be granted thee: or what is thy request further? and it shall be done.
Esther 9:22	As the days wherein the Jews rested from their enemies, and the month which was turned unto them from sorrow to joy, and from mourning into a good day: that they should make them days of feasting and joy, and of sending portions one to another, and gifts to the poor.
Esther 9:32	And the decree of Esther confirmed these matters of Purim; and it was written in the book.
Job 1:7	And the LORD said unto Satan, Whence comest thou? Then Satan answered the LORD, and said, From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it.
Job 1:17	While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, The Chaldeans made out three bands, and fell upon the camels, and have carried them away, yea, and slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.
Job 2:5	But put forth thine hand now, and touch his bone and his flesh, and he will curse thee to thy face.
Job 3:2	And Job spake, and said,
Job 3:12	Why did the knees prevent me? or why the breasts that I should suck?
Job 3:22	Which rejoice exceedingly, and are glad, when they can find the grave?
Job 4:6	Is not this thy fear, thy confidence, thy hope, and the uprightness of thy ways?
Job 4:16	It stood still, but I could not discern the form thereof: an image was before mine eyes, there was silence, and I heard a voice, saying,
Job 5:5	Whose harvest the hungry eateth up, and taketh it even out of the thorns, and the robber swalloweth up their substance.
Job 5:15	But he saveth the poor from the sword, from their mouth, and from the hand of the mighty.
Job 5:25	Thou shalt know also that thy seed shall be great, and thine offspring as the grass of the earth.
Job 6:8	Oh that I might have my request; and that God would grant me the thing that I long for!
Job 6:18	The paths of their way are turned aside; they go to nothing, and perish.
Job 6:28	Now therefore be content, look upon me; for it is evident unto you if I lie.
Job 7:8	The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more: thine eyes are upon me, and I am not.
Job 7:18	And that thou shouldest visit him every morning, and try him every moment?
Job 8:7	Though thy beginning was small, yet thy latter end should greatly increase.
Job 8:17	His roots are wrapped about the heap, and seeth the place of stones.
Job 9:5	Which removeth the mountains, and they know not: which overturneth them in his anger.
Job 9:15	Whom, though I were righteous, yet would I not answer, but I would make supplication to my judge.
Job 9:25	Now my days are swifter than a post: they flee away, they see no good.
Job 9:35	Then would I speak, and not fear him; but it is not so with me.
Job 10:10	Hast thou not poured me out as milk, and curdled me like cheese?
Job 10:20	Are not my days few? cease then, and let me alone, that I may take comfort a little,
Job 11:8	It is as high as heaven; what canst thou do? deeper than hell; what canst thou know?
Job 11:18	And thou shalt be secure, because there is hope; yea, thou shalt dig about thee, and thou shalt take thy rest in safety.
Job 12:8	Or speak to the earth, and it shall teach thee: and the fishes of the sea shall declare unto thee.
Job 12:18	He looseth the bond of kings, and girdeth their loins with a girdle.
Job 13:3	Surely I would speak to the Almighty, and I desire to reason with God.
Job 13:13	Hold your peace, let me alone, that I may speak, and let come on me what will.
Job 13:23	How many are mine iniquities and sins? make me to know my transgression and my sin.
Job 14:5	Seeing his days are determined, the number of his months are with thee, thou hast appointed his bounds that he cannot pass;
Job 14:15	Thou shalt call, and I will answer thee: thou wilt have a desire to the work of thine hands.
Job 15:3	Should he reason with unprofitable talk? or with speeches wherewith he can do no good?
Job 15:13	That thou turnest thy spirit against God, and lettest such words go out of thy mouth?
Job 15:23	He wandereth abroad for bread, saying, Where is it? he knoweth that the day of darkness is ready at his hand.
Job 15:33	He shall shake off his unripe grape as the vine, and shall cast off his flower as the olive.
Job 16:8	And thou hast filled me with wrinkles, which is a witness against me: and my leanness rising up in me beareth witness to my face.
Job 16:18	O earth, cover not thou my blood, and let my cry have no place.
Job 17:6	He hath made me also a byword of the people; and aforetime I was as a tabret.
Job 17:16	They shall go down to the bars of the pit, when our rest together is in the dust.
Job 18:10	The snare is laid for him in the ground, and a trap for him in the way.
Job 18:20	They that come after him shall be astonied at his day, as they that went before were affrighted.
Job 19:9	He hath stripped me of my glory, and taken the crown from my head.
Job 19:19	All my inward friends abhorred me: and they whom I loved are turned against me.
Job 19:29	Be ye afraid of the sword: for wrath bringeth the punishments of the sword, that ye may know there is a judgment.
Job 20:10	His children shall seek to please the poor, and his hands shall restore their goods.
Job 20:20	Surely he shall not feel quietness in his belly, he shall not save of that which he desired.
Job 21:1	But Job answered and said,
Job 21:11	They send forth their little ones like a flock, and their children dance.
Job 21:21	For what pleasure hath he in his house after him, when the number of his months is cut off in the midst?
Job 21:31	Who shall declare his way to his face? and who shall repay him what he hath done?
Job 22:7	Thou hast not given water to the weary to drink, and thou hast withholden bread from the hungry.
Job 22:17	Which said unto God, Depart from us: and what can the Almighty do for them?
Job 22:27	Thou shalt make thy prayer unto him, and he shall hear thee, and thou shalt pay thy vows.
Job 23:7	There the righteous might dispute with him; so should I be delivered for ever from my judge.
Job 23:17	Because I was not cut off before the darkness, neither hath he covered the darkness from my face.
Job 24:10	They cause him to go naked without clothing, and they take away the sheaf from the hungry;
Job 24:20	The womb shall forget him; the worm shall feed sweetly on him; he shall be no more remembered; and wickedness shall be broken as a tree.
Job 25:5	Behold even to the moon, and it shineth not; yea, the stars are not pure in his sight.
Job 26:9	He holdeth back the face of his throne, and spreadeth his cloud upon it.
Job 27:5	God forbid that I should justify you: till I die I will not remove mine integrity from me.
Job 27:15	Those that remain of him shall be buried in death: and his widows shall not weep.
Job 28:2	Iron is taken out of the earth, and brass is molten out of the stone.
Job 28:12	But where shall wisdom be found? and where is the place of understanding?
Job 28:22	Destruction and death say, We have heard the fame thereof with our ears.
Job 29:4	As I was in the days of my youth, when the secret of God was upon my tabernacle;
Job 29:14	I put on righteousness, and it clothed me: my judgment was as a robe and a diadem.
Job 29:24	If I laughed on them, they believed it not; and the light of my countenance they cast not down.
Job 30:9	And now am I their song, yea, I am their byword.
Job 30:19	He hath cast me into the mire, and I am become like dust and ashes.
Job 30:29	I am a brother to dragons, and a companion to owls.
Job 31:8	Then let me sow, and let another eat; yea, let my offspring be rooted out.
Job 31:18	(For from my youth he was brought up with me, as with a father, and I have guided her from my mother's womb;)
Job 31:28	This also were an iniquity to be punished by the judge: for I should have denied the God that is above.
Job 31:38	If my land cry against me, or that the furrows likewise thereof complain;
Job 32:8	But there is a spirit in man: and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding.
Job 32:18	For I am full of matter, the spirit within me constraineth me.
Job 33:6	Behold, I am according to thy wish in God's stead: I also am formed out of the clay.
Job 33:16	Then he openeth the ears of men, and sealeth their instruction,
Job 33:26	He shall pray unto God, and he will be favourable unto him: and he shall see his face with joy: for he will render unto man his righteousness.
Job 34:3	For the ear trieth words, as the mouth tasteth meat.
Job 34:13	Who hath given him a charge over the earth? or who hath disposed the whole world?
Job 34:23	For he will not lay upon man more than right; that he should enter into judgment with God.
Job 34:33	Should it be according to thy mind? he will recompense it, whether thou refuse, or whether thou choose; and not I: therefore speak what thou knowest.
Job 35:6	If thou sinnest, what doest thou against him? or if thy transgressions be multiplied, what doest thou unto him?
Job 35:16	Therefore doth Job open his mouth in vain; he multiplieth words without knowledge.
Job 36:10	He openeth also their ear to discipline, and commandeth that they return from iniquity.
Job 36:20	Desire not the night, when people are cut off in their place.
Job 36:30	Behold, he spreadeth his light upon it, and covereth the bottom of the sea.
Job 37:7	He sealeth up the hand of every man; that all men may know his work.
Job 37:17	How thy garments are warm, when he quieteth the earth by the south wind?
Job 38:3	Gird up now thy loins like a man; for I will demand of thee, and answer thou me.
Job 38:13	That it might take hold of the ends of the earth, that the wicked might be shaken out of it?
Job 38:23	Which I have reserved against the time of trouble, against the day of battle and war?
Job 38:33	Knowest thou the ordinances of heaven? canst thou set the dominion thereof in the earth?
Job 39:2	Canst thou number the months that they fulfil? or knowest thou the time when they bring forth?
Job 39:12	Wilt thou believe him, that he will bring home thy seed, and gather it into thy barn?
Job 39:22	He mocketh at fear, and is not affrighted; neither turneth he back from the sword.
Job 40:2	Shall he that contendeth with the Almighty instruct him? he that reproveth God, let him answer it.
Job 40:12	Look on every one that is proud, and bring him low; and tread down the wicked in their place.
Job 40:22	The shady trees cover him with their shadow; the willows of the brook compass him about.
Job 41:8	Lay thine hand upon him, remember the battle, do no more.
Job 41:18	By his neesings a light doth shine, and his eyes are like the eyelids of the morning.
Job 41:28	The arrow cannot make him flee: slingstones are turned with him into stubble.
Job 42:4	Hear, I beseech thee, and I will speak: I will demand of thee, and declare thou unto me.
Job 42:14	And he called the name of the first, Jemima; and the name of the second, Kezia; and the name of the third, Kerenhappuch.
Psalms 2:1	Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing?
Psalms 2:11	Serve the LORD with fear, and rejoice with trembling.
Psalms 4:1	Hear me when I call, O God of my righteousness: thou hast enlarged me when I was in distress; have mercy upon me, and hear my prayer.
Psalms 5:3	My voice shalt thou hear in the morning, O LORD; in the morning will I direct my prayer unto thee, and will look up.
Psalms 6:1	O LORD, rebuke me not in thine anger, neither chasten me in thy hot displeasure.
Psalms 7:1	O LORD my God, in thee do I put my trust: save me from all them that persecute me, and deliver me:
Psalms 7:11	God judgeth the righteous, and God is angry with the wicked every day.
Psalms 8:4	What is man, that thou art mindful of him? and the son of man, that thou visitest him?
Psalms 9:5	Thou hast rebuked the heathen, thou hast destroyed the wicked, thou hast put out their name for ever and ever.
Psalms 9:15	The heathen are sunk down in the pit that they made: in the net which they hid is their own foot taken.
Psalms 10:5	His ways are always grievous; thy judgments are far above out of his sight: as for all his enemies, he puffeth at them.
Psalms 10:15	Break thou the arm of the wicked and the evil man: seek out his wickedness till thou find none.
Psalms 11:7	For the righteous LORD loveth righteousness; his countenance doth behold the upright.
Psalms 13:2	How long shall I take counsel in my soul, having sorrow in my heart daily? how long shall mine enemy be exalted over me?
Psalms 14:6	Ye have shamed the counsel of the poor, because the LORD is his refuge.
Psalms 16:4	Their sorrows shall be multiplied that hasten after another god: their drink offerings of blood will I not offer, nor take up their names into my lips.
Psalms 17:3	Thou hast proved mine heart; thou hast visited me in the night; thou hast tried me, and shalt find nothing; I am purposed that my mouth shall not transgress.
Psalms 17:13	Arise, O LORD, disappoint him, cast him down: deliver my soul from the wicked, which is thy sword:
Psalms 18:8	There went up a smoke out of his nostrils, and fire out of his mouth devoured: coals were kindled by it.
Psalms 18:18	They prevented me in the day of my calamity: but the LORD was my stay.
Psalms 18:28	For thou wilt light my candle: the LORD my God will enlighten my darkness.
Psalms 18:38	I have wounded them that they were not able to rise: they are fallen under my feet.
Psalms 18:48	He delivereth me from mine enemies: yea, thou liftest me up above those that rise up against me: thou hast delivered me from the violent man.
Psalms 19:8	The statutes of the LORD are right, rejoicing the heart: the commandment of the LORD is pure, enlightening the eyes.
Psalms 20:4	Grant thee according to thine own heart, and fulfil all thy counsel.
Psalms 21:5	His glory is great in thy salvation: honour and majesty hast thou laid upon him.
Psalms 22:2	O my God, I cry in the day time, but thou hearest not; and in the night season, and am not silent.
Psalms 22:12	Many bulls have compassed me: strong bulls of Bashan have beset me round.
Psalms 22:22	I will declare thy name unto my brethren: in the midst of the congregation will I praise thee.
Psalms 23:1	The LORD is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Psalms 24:5	He shall receive the blessing from the LORD, and righteousness from the God of his salvation.
Psalms 25:5	Lead me in thy truth, and teach me: for thou art the God of my salvation; on thee do I wait all the day.
Psalms 25:15	Mine eyes are ever toward the LORD; for he shall pluck my feet out of the net.
Psalms 26:3	For thy lovingkindness is before mine eyes: and I have walked in thy truth.
Psalms 27:1	The LORD is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? the LORD is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?
Psalms 27:11	Teach me thy way, O LORD, and lead me in a plain path, because of mine enemies.
Psalms 28:7	The LORD is my strength and my shield; my heart trusted in him, and I am helped: therefore my heart greatly rejoiceth; and with my song will I praise him.
Psalms 29:8	The voice of the LORD shaketh the wilderness; the LORD shaketh the wilderness of Kadesh.
Psalms 30:7	LORD, by thy favour thou hast made my mountain to stand strong: thou didst hide thy face, and I was troubled.
Psalms 31:5	Into thine hand I commit my spirit: thou hast redeemed me, O LORD God of truth.
Psalms 31:15	My times are in thy hand: deliver me from the hand of mine enemies, and from them that persecute me.
Psalms 32:1	Blessed is he whose transgression is forgiven, whose sin is covered.
Psalms 32:11	Be glad in the LORD, and rejoice, ye righteous: and shout for joy, all ye that are upright in heart.
Psalms 33:10	The LORD bringeth the counsel of the heathen to nought: he maketh the devices of the people of none effect.
Psalms 33:20	Our soul waiteth for the LORD: he is our help and our shield.
Psalms 34:8	O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him.
Psalms 34:18	The LORD is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart; and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit.
Psalms 35:6	Let their way be dark and slippery: and let the angel of the LORD persecute them.
Psalms 35:16	With hypocritical mockers in feasts, they gnashed upon me with their teeth.
Psalms 35:26	Let them be ashamed and brought to confusion together that rejoice at mine hurt: let them be clothed with shame and dishonour that magnify themselves against me.
Psalms 36:8	They shall be abundantly satisfied with the fatness of thy house; and thou shalt make them drink of the river of thy pleasures.
Psalms 37:6	And he shall bring forth thy righteousness as the light, and thy judgment as the noonday.
Psalms 37:16	A little that a righteous man hath is better than the riches of many wicked.
Psalms 37:26	He is ever merciful, and lendeth; and his seed is blessed.
Psalms 37:36	Yet he passed away, and, lo, he was not: yea, I sought him, but he could not be found.
Psalms 38:6	I am troubled; I am bowed down greatly; I go mourning all the day long.
Psalms 38:16	For I said, Hear me, lest otherwise they should rejoice over me: when my foot slippeth, they magnify themselves against me.
Psalms 39:4	LORD, make me to know mine end, and the measure of my days, what it is: that I may know how frail I am.
Psalms 40:1	I waited patiently for the LORD; and he inclined unto me, and heard my cry.
Psalms 40:11	Withhold not thou thy tender mercies from me, O LORD: let thy lovingkindness and thy truth continually preserve me.
Psalms 41:4	I said, LORD, be merciful unto me: heal my soul; for I have sinned against thee.
Psalms 42:1	As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God.
Psalms 42:11	Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted within me? hope thou in God: for I shall yet praise him, who is the health of my countenance, and my God.
Psalms 44:5	Through thee will we push down our enemies: through thy name will we tread them under that rise up against us.
Psalms 44:15	My confusion is continually before me, and the shame of my face hath covered me,
Psalms 44:25	For our soul is bowed down to the dust: our belly cleaveth unto the earth.
Psalms 45:9	Kings' daughters were among thy honourable women: upon thy right hand did stand the queen in gold of Ophir.
Psalms 46:2	Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea;
Psalms 47:1	O clap your hands, all ye people; shout unto God with the voice of triumph.
Psalms 48:2	Beautiful for situation, the joy of the whole earth, is mount Zion, on the sides of the north, the city of the great King.
Psalms 48:12	Walk about Zion, and go round about her: tell the towers thereof.
Psalms 49:8	(For the redemption of their soul is precious, and it ceaseth for ever:)
Psalms 49:18	Though while he lived he blessed his soul: and men will praise thee, when thou doest well to thyself.
Psalms 50:8	I will not reprove thee for thy sacrifices or thy burnt offerings, to have been continually before me.
Psalms 50:18	When thou sawest a thief, then thou consentedst with him, and hast been partaker with adulterers.
Psalms 51:5	Behold, I was shapen in iniquity; and in sin did my mother conceive me.
Psalms 51:15	O Lord, open thou my lips; and my mouth shall shew forth thy praise.
Psalms 52:6	The righteous also shall see, and fear, and shall laugh at him:
Psalms 54:1	Save me, O God, by thy name, and judge me by thy strength.
Psalms 55:4	My heart is sore pained within me: and the terrors of death are fallen upon me.
Psalms 55:14	We took sweet counsel together, and walked unto the house of God in company.
Psalms 56:1	Be merciful unto me, O God: for man would swallow me up; he fighting daily oppresseth me.
Psalms 56:11	In God have I put my trust: I will not be afraid what man can do unto me.
Psalms 57:8	Awake up, my glory; awake, psaltery and harp: I myself will awake early.
Psalms 58:7	Let them melt away as waters which run continually: when he bendeth his bow to shoot his arrows, let them be as cut in pieces.
Psalms 59:6	They return at evening: they make a noise like a dog, and go round about the city.
Psalms 59:16	But I will sing of thy power; yea, I will sing aloud of thy mercy in the morning: for thou hast been my defence and refuge in the day of my trouble.
Psalms 60:9	Who will bring me into the strong city? who will lead me into Edom?
Psalms 61:7	He shall abide before God for ever: O prepare mercy and truth, which may preserve him.
Psalms 62:9	Surely men of low degree are vanity, and men of high degree are a lie: to be laid in the balance, they are altogether lighter than vanity.
Psalms 63:7	Because thou hast been my help, therefore in the shadow of thy wings will I rejoice.
Psalms 64:6	They search out iniquities; they accomplish a diligent search: both the inward thought of every one of them, and the heart, is deep.
Psalms 65:6	Which by his strength setteth fast the mountains; being girded with power:
Psalms 66:3	Say unto God, How terrible art thou in thy works! through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee.
Psalms 66:13	I will go into thy house with burnt offerings: I will pay thee my vows,
Psalms 67:3	Let the people praise thee, O God; let all the people praise thee.
Psalms 68:6	God setteth the solitary in families: he bringeth out those which are bound with chains: but the rebellious dwell in a dry land.
Psalms 68:16	Why leap ye, ye high hills? this is the hill which God desireth to dwell in; yea, the LORD will dwell in it for ever.
Psalms 68:26	Bless ye God in the congregations, even the Lord, from the fountain of Israel.
Psalms 69:1	Save me, O God; for the waters are come in unto my soul.
Psalms 69:11	I made sackcloth also my garment; and I became a proverb to them.
Psalms 69:21	They gave me also gall for my meat; and in my thirst they gave me vinegar to drink.
Psalms 69:31	This also shall please the LORD better than an ox or bullock that hath horns and hoofs.
Psalms 70:5	But I am poor and needy: make haste unto me, O God: thou art my help and my deliverer; O LORD, make no tarrying.
Psalms 71:10	For mine enemies speak against me; and they that lay wait for my soul take counsel together,
Psalms 71:20	Thou, which hast shewed me great and sore troubles, shalt quicken me again, and shalt bring me up again from the depths of the earth.
Psalms 72:6	He shall come down like rain upon the mown grass: as showers that water the earth.
Psalms 72:16	There shall be an handful of corn in the earth upon the top of the mountains; the fruit thereof shall shake like Lebanon: and they of the city shall flourish like grass of the earth.
Psalms 73:6	Therefore pride compasseth them about as a chain; violence covereth them as a garment.
Psalms 73:16	When I thought to know this, it was too painful for me;
Psalms 73:26	My flesh and my heart faileth: but God is the strength of my heart, and my portion for ever.
Psalms 74:8	They said in their hearts, Let us destroy them together: they have burned up all the synagogues of God in the land.
Psalms 74:18	Remember this, that the enemy hath reproached, O LORD, and that the foolish people have blasphemed thy name.
Psalms 75:5	Lift not up your horn on high: speak not with a stiff neck.
Psalms 76:5	The stouthearted are spoiled, they have slept their sleep: and none of the men of might have found their hands.
Psalms 77:3	I remembered God, and was troubled: I complained, and my spirit was overwhelmed. Selah.
Psalms 77:13	Thy way, O God, is in the sanctuary: who is so great a God as our God?
Psalms 78:3	Which we have heard and known, and our fathers have told us.
Psalms 78:13	He divided the sea, and caused them to pass through; and he made the waters to stand as an heap.
Psalms 78:23	Though he had commanded the clouds from above, and opened the doors of heaven,
Psalms 78:33	Therefore their days did he consume in vanity, and their years in trouble.
Psalms 78:43	How he had wrought his signs in Egypt, and his wonders in the field of Zoan.
Psalms 78:53	And he led them on safely, so that they feared not: but the sea overwhelmed their enemies.
Psalms 78:63	The fire consumed their young men; and their maidens were not given to marriage.
Psalms 79:1	O god, the heathen are come into thine inheritance; thy holy temple have they defiled; they have laid Jerusalem on heaps.
Psalms 79:11	Let the sighing of the prisoner come before thee; according to the greatness of thy power preserve thou those that are appointed to die;
Psalms 80:8	Thou hast brought a vine out of Egypt: thou hast cast out the heathen, and planted it.
Psalms 80:18	So will not we go back from thee: quicken us, and we will call upon thy name.
Psalms 81:9	There shall no strange god be in thee; neither shalt thou worship any strange god.
Psalms 82:3	Defend the poor and fatherless: do justice to the afflicted and needy.
Psalms 83:5	For they have consulted together with one consent: they are confederate against thee:
Psalms 83:15	So persecute them with thy tempest, and make them afraid with thy storm.
Psalms 84:7	They go from strength to strength, every one of them in Zion appeareth before God.
Psalms 85:5	Wilt thou be angry with us for ever? wilt thou draw out thine anger to all generations?
Psalms 86:2	Preserve my soul; for I am holy: O thou my God, save thy servant that trusteth in thee.
Psalms 86:12	I will praise thee, O Lord my God, with all my heart: and I will glorify thy name for evermore.
Psalms 87:5	And of Zion it shall be said, This and that man was born in her: and the highest himself shall establish her.
Psalms 88:8	Thou hast put away mine acquaintance far from me; thou hast made me an abomination unto them: I am shut up, and I cannot come forth.
Psalms 88:18	Lover and friend hast thou put far from me, and mine acquaintance into darkness.
Psalms 89:10	Thou hast broken Rahab in pieces, as one that is slain; thou hast scattered thine enemies with thy strong arm.
Psalms 89:20	I have found David my servant; with my holy oil have I anointed him:
Psalms 89:30	If his children forsake my law, and walk not in my judgments;
Psalms 89:40	Thou hast broken down all his hedges; thou hast brought his strong holds to ruin.
Psalms 89:50	Remember, Lord, the reproach of thy servants; how I do bear in my bosom the reproach of all the mighty people;
Psalms 90:8	Thou hast set our iniquities before thee, our secret sins in the light of thy countenance.
Psalms 91:1	He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty.
Psalms 91:11	For he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways.
Psalms 92:5	O LORD, how great are thy works! and thy thoughts are very deep.
Psalms 92:15	To shew that the LORD is upright: he is my rock, and there is no unrighteousness in him.
Psalms 94:5	They break in pieces thy people, O LORD, and afflict thine heritage.
Psalms 94:15	But judgment shall return unto righteousness: and all the upright in heart shall follow it.
Psalms 95:2	Let us come before his presence with thanksgiving, and make a joyful noise unto him with psalms.
Psalms 96:1	O sing unto the LORD a new song: sing unto the LORD, all the earth.
Psalms 96:11	Let the heavens rejoice, and let the earth be glad; let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof.
Psalms 97:8	Zion heard, and was glad; and the daughters of Judah rejoiced because of thy judgments, O LORD.
Psalms 98:6	With trumpets and sound of cornet make a joyful noise before the LORD, the King.
Psalms 99:7	He spake unto them in the cloudy pillar: they kept his testimonies, and the ordinance that he gave them.
Psalms 101:3	I will set no wicked thing before mine eyes: I hate the work of them that turn aside; it shall not cleave to me.
Psalms 102:5	By reason of the voice of my groaning my bones cleave to my skin.
Psalms 102:15	So the heathen shall fear the name of the LORD, and all the kings of the earth thy glory.
Psalms 102:25	Of old hast thou laid the foundation of the earth: and the heavens are the work of thy hands.
Psalms 103:7	He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel.
Psalms 103:17	But the mercy of the LORD is from everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear him, and his righteousness unto children's children;
Psalms 104:5	Who laid the foundations of the earth, that it should not be removed for ever.
Psalms 104:15	And wine that maketh glad the heart of man, and oil to make his face to shine, and bread which strengtheneth man's heart.
Psalms 104:25	So is this great and wide sea, wherein are things creeping innumerable, both small and great beasts.
Psalms 104:35	Let the sinners be consumed out of the earth, and let the wicked be no more. Bless thou the LORD, O my soul. Praise ye the LORD.
Psalms 105:10	And confirmed the same unto Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant:
Psalms 105:20	The king sent and loosed him; even the ruler of the people, and let him go free.
Psalms 105:30	Their land brought forth frogs in abundance, in the chambers of their kings.
Psalms 105:40	The people asked, and he brought quails, and satisfied them with the bread of heaven.
Psalms 106:5	That I may see the good of thy chosen, that I may rejoice in the gladness of thy nation, that I may glory with thine inheritance.
Psalms 106:15	And he gave them their request; but sent leanness into their soul.
Psalms 106:25	But murmured in their tents, and hearkened not unto the voice of the LORD.
Psalms 106:35	But were mingled among the heathen, and learned their works.
Psalms 106:45	And he remembered for them his covenant, and repented according to the multitude of his mercies.
Psalms 107:7	And he led them forth by the right way, that they might go to a city of habitation.
Psalms 107:17	Fools because of their transgression, and because of their iniquities, are afflicted.
Psalms 107:27	They reel to and fro, and stagger like a drunken man, and are at their wit's end.
Psalms 107:37	And sow the fields, and plant vineyards, which may yield fruits of increase.
Psalms 108:4	For thy mercy is great above the heavens: and thy truth reacheth unto the clouds.
Psalms 109:1	Hold not thy peace, O God of my praise;
Psalms 109:11	Let the extortioner catch all that he hath; and let the strangers spoil his labour.
Psalms 109:21	But do thou for me, O GOD the Lord, for thy name's sake: because thy mercy is good, deliver thou me.
Psalms 109:31	For he shall stand at the right hand of the poor, to save him from those that condemn his soul.
Psalms 111:3	His work is honourable and glorious: and his righteousness endureth for ever.
Psalms 112:3	Wealth and riches shall be in his house: and his righteousness endureth for ever.
Psalms 113:3	From the rising of the sun unto the going down of the same the LORD's name is to be praised.
Psalms 114:4	The mountains skipped like rams, and the little hills like lambs.
Psalms 115:6	They have ears, but they hear not: noses have they, but they smell not:
Psalms 115:16	The heaven, even the heavens, are the LORD's: but the earth hath he given to the children of men.
Psalms 116:8	For thou hast delivered my soul from death, mine eyes from tears, and my feet from falling.
Psalms 116:18	I will pay my vows unto the LORD now in the presence of all his people.
Psalms 118:7	The LORD taketh my part with them that help me: therefore shall I see my desire upon them that hate me.
Psalms 118:17	I shall not die, but live, and declare the works of the LORD.
Psalms 118:27	God is the LORD, which hath shewed us light: bind the sacrifice with cords, even unto the horns of the altar.
Psalms 119:8	I will keep thy statutes: O forsake me not utterly.
Psalms 119:18	Open thou mine eyes, that I may behold wondrous things out of thy law.
Psalms 119:28	My soul melteth for heaviness: strengthen thou me according unto thy word.
Psalms 119:38	Stablish thy word unto thy servant, who is devoted to thy fear.
Psalms 119:48	My hands also will I lift up unto thy commandments, which I have loved; and I will meditate in thy statutes.
Psalms 119:58	I intreated thy favour with my whole heart: be merciful unto me according to thy word.
Psalms 119:68	Thou art good, and doest good; teach me thy statutes.
Psalms 119:78	Let the proud be ashamed; for they dealt perversely with me without a cause: but I will meditate in thy precepts.
Psalms 119:88	Quicken me after thy lovingkindness; so shall I keep the testimony of thy mouth.
Psalms 119:98	Thou through thy commandments hast made me wiser than mine enemies: for they are ever with me.
Psalms 119:108	Accept, I beseech thee, the freewill offerings of my mouth, O LORD, and teach me thy judgments.
Psalms 119:118	Thou hast trodden down all them that err from thy statutes: for their deceit is falsehood.
Psalms 119:128	Therefore I esteem all thy precepts concerning all things to be right; and I hate every false way.
Psalms 119:138	Thy testimonies that thou hast commanded are righteous and very faithful.
Psalms 119:148	Mine eyes prevent the night watches, that I might meditate in thy word.
Psalms 119:158	I beheld the transgressors, and was grieved; because they kept not thy word.
Psalms 119:168	I have kept thy precepts and thy testimonies: for all my ways are before thee.
Psalms 120:2	Deliver my soul, O LORD, from lying lips, and from a deceitful tongue.
Psalms 121:5	The LORD is thy keeper: the LORD is thy shade upon thy right hand.
Psalms 122:7	Peace be within thy walls, and prosperity within thy palaces.
Psalms 124:4	Then the waters had overwhelmed us, the stream had gone over our soul:
Psalms 126:1	When the LORD turned again the captivity of Zion, we were like them that dream.
Psalms 127:5	Happy is the man that hath his quiver full of them: they shall not be ashamed, but they shall speak with the enemies in the gate.
Psalms 129:4	The LORD is righteous: he hath cut asunder the cords of the wicked.
Psalms 130:6	My soul waiteth for the Lord more than they that watch for the morning: I say, more than they that watch for the morning.
Psalms 132:5	Until I find out a place for the LORD, an habitation for the mighty God of Jacob.
Psalms 132:15	I will abundantly bless her provision: I will satisfy her poor with bread.
Psalms 135:1	Praise ye the LORD. Praise ye the name of the LORD; praise him, O ye servants of the LORD.
Psalms 135:11	Sihon king of the Amorites, and Og king of Bashan, and all the kingdoms of Canaan:
Psalms 135:21	Blessed be the LORD out of Zion, which dwelleth at Jerusalem. Praise ye the LORD.
Psalms 136:10	To him that smote Egypt in their firstborn: for his mercy endureth for ever:
Psalms 136:20	And Og the king of Bashan: for his mercy endureth for ever:
Psalms 137:4	How shall we sing the LORD's song in a strange land?
Psalms 138:5	Yea, they shall sing in the ways of the LORD: for great is the glory of the LORD.
Psalms 139:7	Whither shall I go from thy spirit? or whither shall I flee from thy presence?
Psalms 139:17	How precious also are thy thoughts unto me, O God! how great is the sum of them!
Psalms 140:3	They have sharpened their tongues like a serpent; adders' poison is under their lips. Selah.
Psalms 140:13	Surely the righteous shall give thanks unto thy name: the upright shall dwell in thy presence.
Psalms 141:10	Let the wicked fall into their own nets, whilst that I withal escape.
Psalms 143:3	For the enemy hath persecuted my soul; he hath smitten my life down to the ground; he hath made me to dwell in darkness, as those that have been long dead.
Psalms 144:1	Blessed be the LORD my strength which teacheth my hands to war, and my fingers to fight:
Psalms 144:11	Rid me, and deliver me from the hand of strange children, whose mouth speaketh vanity, and their right hand is a right hand of falsehood:
Psalms 145:6	And men shall speak of the might of thy terrible acts: and I will declare thy greatness.
Psalms 145:16	Thou openest thine hand, and satisfiest the desire of every living thing.
Psalms 146:5	Happy is he that hath the God of Jacob for his help, whose hope is in the LORD his God:
Psalms 147:5	Great is our Lord, and of great power: his understanding is infinite.
Psalms 147:15	He sendeth forth his commandment upon earth: his word runneth very swiftly.
Psalms 148:5	Let them praise the name of the LORD: for he commanded, and they were created.
Psalms 149:1	Praise ye the LORD. Sing unto the LORD a new song, and his praise in the congregation of saints.
Psalms 150:2	Praise him for his mighty acts: praise him according to his excellent greatness.
Proverbs 1:6	To understand a proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wise, and their dark sayings.
Proverbs 1:16	For their feet run to evil, and make haste to shed blood.
Proverbs 1:26	I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh;
Proverbs 2:3	Yea, if thou criest after knowledge, and liftest up thy voice for understanding;
Proverbs 2:13	Who leave the paths of uprightness, to walk in the ways of darkness;
Proverbs 3:1	My son, forget not my law; but let thine heart keep my commandments:
Proverbs 3:11	My son, despise not the chastening of the LORD; neither be weary of his correction:
Proverbs 3:21	My son, let not them depart from thine eyes: keep sound wisdom and discretion:
Proverbs 3:31	Envy thou not the oppressor, and choose none of his ways.|
Proverbs 4:6	Forsake her not, and she shall preserve thee: love her, and she shall keep thee.
Proverbs 4:16	For they sleep not, except they have done mischief; and their sleep is taken away, unless they cause some to fall.
Proverbs 4:26	Ponder the path of thy feet, and let all thy ways be established.
Proverbs 5:9	Lest thou give thine honour unto others, and thy years unto the cruel:
Proverbs 5:19	Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy thee at all times; and be thou ravished always with her love.
Proverbs 6:6	Go to the ant, thou sluggard; consider her ways, and be wise:
Proverbs 6:16	These six things doth the LORD hate: yea, seven are an abomination unto him:
Proverbs 6:26	For by means of a whorish woman a man is brought to a piece of bread: and the adultress will hunt for the precious life.
Proverbs 7:1	My son, keep my words, and lay up my commandments with thee.
Proverbs 7:11	(She is loud and stubborn; her feet abide not in her house:
Proverbs 7:21	With her much fair speech she caused him to yield, with the flattering of her lips she forced him.
Proverbs 8:4	Unto you, O men, I call; and my voice is to the sons of man.
Proverbs 8:14	Counsel is mine, and sound wisdom: I am understanding; I have strength.
Proverbs 8:24	When there were no depths, I was brought forth; when there were no fountains abounding with water.
Proverbs 8:34	Blessed is the man that heareth me, watching daily at my gates, waiting at the posts of my doors.
Proverbs 9:8	Reprove not a scorner, lest he hate thee: rebuke a wise man, and he will love thee.
Proverbs 9:18	But he knoweth not that the dead are there; and that her guests are in the depths of hell.
Proverbs 10:10	He that winketh with the eye causeth sorrow: but a prating fool shall fall.
Proverbs 10:20	The tongue of the just is as choice silver: the heart of the wicked is little worth.
Proverbs 10:30	The righteous shall never be removed: but the wicked shall not inhabit the earth.
Proverbs 11:8	The righteous is delivered out of trouble, and the wicked cometh in his stead.
Proverbs 11:18	The wicked worketh a deceitful work: but to him that soweth righteousness shall be a sure reward.
Proverbs 11:28	He that trusteth in his riches shall fall; but the righteous shall flourish as a branch.
Proverbs 12:7	The wicked are overthrown, and are not: but the house of the righteous shall stand.
Proverbs 12:17	He that speaketh truth sheweth forth righteousness: but a false witness deceit.
Proverbs 12:27	The slothful man roasteth not that which he took in hunting: but the substance of a diligent man is precious.
Proverbs 13:9	The light of the righteous rejoiceth: but the lamp of the wicked shall be put out.
Proverbs 13:19	The desire accomplished is sweet to the soul: but it is abomination to fools to depart from evil.
Proverbs 14:4	Where no oxen are, the crib is clean: but much increase is by the strength of the ox.
Proverbs 14:14	The backslider in heart shall be filled with his own ways: and a good man shall be satisfied from himself.
Proverbs 14:24	The crown of the wise is their riches: but the foolishness of fools is folly.
Proverbs 14:34	Righteousness exalteth a nation: but sin is a reproach to any people.
Proverbs 15:9	The way of the wicked is an abomination unto the LORD: but he loveth him that followeth after righteousness.
Proverbs 15:19	The way of the slothful man is as an hedge of thorns: but the way of the righteous is made plain.
Proverbs 15:29	The LORD is far from the wicked: but he heareth the prayer of the righteous.
Proverbs 16:6	By mercy and truth iniquity is purged: and by the fear of the LORD men depart from evil.
Proverbs 16:16	How much better is it to get wisdom than gold! and to get understanding rather to be chosen than silver!
Proverbs 16:26	He that laboureth laboureth for himself; for his mouth craveth it of him.
Proverbs 17:3	The fining pot is for silver, and the furnace for gold: but the LORD trieth the hearts.
Proverbs 17:13	Whoso rewardeth evil for good, evil shall not depart from his house.
Proverbs 17:23	A wicked man taketh a gift out of the bosom to pervert the ways of judgment.
Proverbs 18:5	It is not good to accept the person of the wicked, to overthrow the righteous in judgment.
Proverbs 18:15	The heart of the prudent getteth knowledge; and the ear of the wise seeketh knowledge.
Proverbs 19:1	Better is the poor that walketh in his integrity, than he that is perverse in his lips, and is a fool.
Proverbs 19:11	The discretion of a man deferreth his anger; and it is his glory to pass over a transgression.
Proverbs 19:21	There are many devices in a man's heart; nevertheless the counsel of the LORD, that shall stand.
Proverbs 20:2	The fear of a king is as the roaring of a lion: whoso provoketh him to anger sinneth against his own soul.
Proverbs 20:12	The hearing ear, and the seeing eye, the LORD hath made even both of them.
Proverbs 20:22	Say not thou, I will recompense evil; but wait on the LORD, and he shall save thee.
Proverbs 21:2	Every way of a man is right in his own eyes: but the LORD pondereth the hearts.
Proverbs 21:12	The righteous man wisely considereth the house of the wicked: but God overthroweth the wicked for their wickedness.
Proverbs 21:22	A wise man scaleth the city of the mighty, and casteth down the strength of the confidence thereof.
Proverbs 22:1	A GOOD name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favour rather than silver and gold.
Proverbs 22:11	He that loveth pureness of heart, for the grace of his lips the king shall be his friend.
Proverbs 22:21	That I might make thee know the certainty of the words of truth; that thou mightest answer the words of truth to them that send unto thee?
Proverbs 23:2	And put a knife to thy throat, if thou be a man given to appetite.
Proverbs 23:12	Apply thine heart unto instruction, and thine ears to the words of knowledge.
Proverbs 23:22	Hearken unto thy father that begat thee, and despise not thy mother when she is old.
Proverbs 23:32	At the last it biteth like a serpent, and stingeth like an adder.
Proverbs 24:7	Wisdom is too high for a fool: he openeth not his mouth in the gate.
Proverbs 24:17	Rejoice not when thine enemy falleth, and let not thine heart be glad when he stumbleth:
Proverbs 24:27	Prepare thy work without, and make it fit for thyself in the field; and afterwards build thine house.
Proverbs 25:3	The heaven for height, and the earth for depth, and the heart of kings is unsearchable.
Proverbs 25:13	As the cold of snow in the time of harvest, so is a faithful messenger to them that send him: for he refresheth the soul of his masters.
Proverbs 25:23	The north wind driveth away rain: so doth an angry countenance a backbiting tongue.
Proverbs 26:5	Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
Proverbs 26:15	The slothful hideth his hand in his bosom; it grieveth him to bring it again to his mouth.
Proverbs 26:25	When he speaketh fair, believe him not: for there are seven abominations in his heart.
Proverbs 27:7	The full soul loatheth an honeycomb; but to the hungry soul every bitter thing is sweet.
Proverbs 27:17	Iron sharpeneth iron; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.
Proverbs 27:27	And thou shalt have goats' milk enough for thy food, for the food of thy household, and for the maintenance for thy maidens.|
Proverbs 28:10	Whoso causeth the righteous to go astray in an evil way, he shall fall himself into his own pit: but the upright shall have good things in possession.
Proverbs 28:20	A faithful man shall abound with blessings: but he that maketh haste to be rich shall not be innocent.
Proverbs 29:2	When the righteous are in authority, the people rejoice: but when the wicked beareth rule, the people mourn.
Proverbs 29:12	If a ruler hearken to lies, all his servants are wicked.
Proverbs 29:22	An angry man stirreth up strife, and a furious man aboundeth in transgression.
Proverbs 30:5	Every word of God is pure: he is a shield unto them that put their trust in him.
Proverbs 30:15	The horseleach hath two daughters, crying, Give, give. There are three things that are never satisfied, yea, four things say not, It is enough:
Proverbs 30:25	The ants are a people not strong, yet they prepare their meat in the summer;
Proverbs 31:2	What, my son? and what, the son of my womb? and what, the son of my vows?
Proverbs 31:12	She will do him good and not evil all the days of her life.
Proverbs 31:22	She maketh herself coverings of tapestry; her clothing is silk and purple.
Ecclesiastes 1:1	The words of the Preacher, the son of David, king in Jerusalem.
Ecclesiastes 1:11	There is no remembrance of former things; neither shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after.
Ecclesiastes 2:3	I sought in mine heart to give myself unto wine, yet acquainting mine heart with wisdom; and to lay hold on folly, till I might see what was that good for the sons of men, which they should do under the heaven all the days of their life.
Ecclesiastes 2:13	Then I saw that wisdom excelleth folly, as far as light excelleth darkness.
Ecclesiastes 2:23	For all his days are sorrows, and his travail grief; yea, his heart taketh not rest in the night. This is also vanity.
Ecclesiastes 3:7	A time to rend, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak;
Ecclesiastes 3:17	I said in mine heart, God shall judge the righteous and the wicked: for there is a time there for every purpose and for every work.
Ecclesiastes 4:5	The fool foldeth his hands together, and eateth his own flesh.
Ecclesiastes 4:15	I considered all the living which walk under the sun, with the second child that shall stand up in his stead.
Ecclesiastes 5:9	Moreover the profit of the earth is for all: the king himself is served by the field.
Ecclesiastes 5:19	Every man also to whom God hath given riches and wealth, and hath given him power to eat thereof, and to take his portion, and to rejoice in his labour; this is the gift of God.
Ecclesiastes 6:9	Better is the sight of the eyes than the wandering of the desire: this is also vanity and vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 7:7	Surely oppression maketh a wise man mad; and a gift destroyeth the heart.
Ecclesiastes 7:17	Be not over much wicked, neither be thou foolish: why shouldest thou die before thy time?
Ecclesiastes 7:27	Behold, this have I found, saith the preacher, counting one by one, to find out the account:
Ecclesiastes 8:8	There is no man that hath power over the spirit to retain the spirit; neither hath he power in the day of death: and there is no discharge in that war; neither shall wickedness deliver those that are given to it.
Ecclesiastes 9:1	For all this I considered in my heart even to declare all this, that the righteous, and the wise, and their works, are in the hand of God: no man knoweth either love or hatred by all that is before them.
Ecclesiastes 9:11	I returned, and saw under the sun, that the race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, neither yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favour to men of skill; but time and chance happeneth to them all.
Ecclesiastes 10:3	Yea also, when he that is a fool walketh by the way, his wisdom faileth him, and he saith to every one that he is a fool.
Ecclesiastes 10:13	The beginning of the words of his mouth is foolishness: and the end of his talk is mischievous madness.
Ecclesiastes 11:3	If the clouds be full of rain, they empty themselves upon the earth: and if the tree fall toward the south, or toward the north, in the place where the tree falleth, there it shall be.
Ecclesiastes 12:3	In the day when the keepers of the house shall tremble, and the strong men shall bow themselves, and the grinders cease because they are few, and those that look out of the windows be darkened,
Ecclesiastes 12:13	Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man.
Song of Solomon 1:9	I have compared thee, O my love, to a company of horses in Pharaoh's chariots.
Song of Solomon 2:2	As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters.
Song of Solomon 2:12	The flowers appear on the earth; the time of the singing of birds is come, and the voice of the turtle is heard in our land;
Song of Solomon 3:5	I charge you, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, by the roes, and by the hinds of the field, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, till he please.
Song of Solomon 4:4	Thy neck is like the tower of David builded for an armoury, whereon there hang a thousand bucklers, all shields of mighty men.
Song of Solomon 4:14	Spikenard and saffron; calamus and cinnamon, with all trees of frankincense; myrrh and aloes, with all the chief spices:
Song of Solomon 5:8	I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, if ye find my beloved, that ye tell him, that I am sick of love.
Song of Solomon 6:2	My beloved is gone down into his garden, to the beds of spices, to feed in the gardens, and to gather lilies.
Song of Solomon 6:12	Or ever I was aware, my soul made me like the chariots of Amminadib.
Song of Solomon 7:9	And the roof of thy mouth like the best wine for my beloved, that goeth down sweetly, causing the lips of those that are asleep to speak.
Song of Solomon 8:6	Set me as a seal upon thine heart, as a seal upon thine arm: for love is strong as death; jealousy is cruel as the grave: the coals thereof are coals of fire, which hath a most vehement flame.
Isaiah 1:2	Hear, O heavens, and give ear, O earth: for the LORD hath spoken, I have nourished and brought up children, and they have rebelled against me.
Isaiah 1:12	When ye come to appear before me, who hath required this at your hand, to tread my courts?
Isaiah 1:22	Thy silver is become dross, thy wine mixed with water:
Isaiah 2:1	The word that Isaiah the son of Amoz saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem.
Isaiah 2:11	The lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down, and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day.
Isaiah 2:21	To go into the clefts of the rocks, and into the tops of the ragged rocks, for fear of the LORD, and for the glory of his majesty, when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth.
Isaiah 3:9	The shew of their countenance doth witness against them; and they declare their sin as Sodom, they hide it not. Woe unto their soul! for they have rewarded evil unto themselves.
Isaiah 3:19	The chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers,
Isaiah 4:3	And it shall come to pass, that he that is left in Zion, and he that remaineth in Jerusalem, shall be called holy, even every one that is written among the living in Jerusalem:
Isaiah 5:7	For the vineyard of the LORD of hosts is the house of Israel, and the men of Judah his pleasant plant: and he looked for judgment, but behold oppression; for righteousness, but behold a cry.
Isaiah 5:17	Then shall the lambs feed after their manner, and the waste places of the fat ones shall strangers eat.
Isaiah 5:27	None shall be weary nor stumble among them; none shall slumber nor sleep; neither shall the girdle of their loins be loosed, nor the latchet of their shoes be broken:
Isaiah 6:7	And he laid it upon my mouth, and said, Lo, this hath touched thy lips; and thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin purged.
Isaiah 7:4	And say unto him, Take heed, and be quiet; fear not, neither be fainthearted for the two tails of these smoking firebrands, for the fierce anger of Rezin with Syria, and of the son of Remaliah.
Isaiah 7:14	Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel.
Isaiah 7:24	With arrows and with bows shall men come thither; because all the land shall become briers and thorns.
Isaiah 8:9	Associate yourselves, O ye people, and ye shall be broken in pieces; and give ear, all ye of far countries: gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces; gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces.
Isaiah 8:19	And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, and that mutter: should not a people seek unto their God? for the living to the dead?
Isaiah 9:7	Of the increase of his government and peace there shall be no end, upon the throne of David, and upon his kingdom, to order it, and to establish it with judgment and with justice from henceforth even for ever. The zeal of the LORD of hosts will perform this.
Isaiah 9:17	Therefore the LORD shall have no joy in their young men, neither shall have mercy on their fatherless and widows: for every one is an hypocrite and an evildoer, and every mouth speaketh folly. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.
Isaiah 10:6	I will send him against an hypocritical nation, and against the people of my wrath will I give him a charge, to take the spoil, and to take the prey, and to tread them down like the mire of the streets.
Isaiah 10:16	Therefore shall the Lord, the Lord of hosts, send among his fat ones leanness; and under his glory he shall kindle a burning like the burning of a fire.
Isaiah 10:26	And the LORD of hosts shall stir up a scourge for him according to the slaughter of Midian at the rock of Oreb: and as his rod was upon the sea, so shall he lift it up after the manner of Egypt.
Isaiah 11:2	And the spirit of the LORD shall rest upon him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of counsel and might, the spirit of knowledge and of the fear of the LORD;
Isaiah 11:12	And he shall set up an ensign for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of Israel, and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth.
Isaiah 12:6	Cry out and shout, thou inhabitant of Zion: for great is the Holy One of Israel in the midst of thee.
Isaiah 13:10	For the stars of heaven and the constellations thereof shall not give their light: the sun shall be darkened in his going forth, and the moon shall not cause her light to shine.
Isaiah 13:20	It shall never be inhabited, neither shall it be dwelt in from generation to generation: neither shall the Arabian pitch tent there; neither shall the shepherds make their fold there.
Isaiah 14:8	Yea, the fir trees rejoice at thee, and the cedars of Lebanon, saying, Since thou art laid down, no feller is come up against us.
Isaiah 14:18	All the kings of the nations, even all of them, lie in glory, every one in his own house.
Isaiah 14:28	In the year that king Ahaz died was this burden.
Isaiah 15:6	For the waters of Nimrim shall be desolate: for the hay is withered away, the grass faileth, there is no green thing.
Isaiah 16:7	Therefore shall Moab howl for Moab, every one shall howl: for the foundations of Kirhareseth shall ye mourn; surely they are stricken.
Isaiah 17:3	The fortress also shall cease from Ephraim, and the kingdom from Damascus, and the remnant of Syria: they shall be as the glory of the children of Israel, saith the LORD of hosts.
Isaiah 17:13	The nations shall rush like the rushing of many waters: but God shall rebuke them, and they shall flee far off, and shall be chased as the chaff of the mountains before the wind, and like a rolling thing before the whirlwind.
Isaiah 19:2	And I will set the Egyptians against the Egyptians: and they shall fight every one against his brother, and every one against his neighbour; city against city, and kingdom against kingdom.
Isaiah 19:12	Where are they? where are thy wise men? and let them tell thee now, and let them know what the LORD of hosts hath purposed upon Egypt.
Isaiah 19:22	And the LORD shall smite Egypt: he shall smite and heal it: and they shall return even to the LORD, and he shall be intreated of them, and shall heal them.
Isaiah 21:1	The burden of the desert of the sea. As whirlwinds in the south pass through; so it cometh from the desert, from a terrible land.
Isaiah 21:11	The burden of Dumah. He calleth to me out of Seir, Watchman, what of the night? Watchman, what of the night?
Isaiah 22:4	Therefore said I, Look away from me; I will weep bitterly, labour not to comfort me, because of the spoiling of the daughter of my people.
Isaiah 22:14	And it was revealed in mine ears by the LORD of hosts, Surely this iniquity shall not be purged from you till ye die, saith the Lord GOD of hosts.
Isaiah 22:24	And they shall hang upon him all the glory of his father's house, the offspring and the issue, all vessels of small quantity, from the vessels of cups, even to all the vessels of flagons.
Isaiah 23:9	The LORD of hosts hath purposed it, to stain the pride of all glory, and to bring into contempt all the honourable of the earth.
Isaiah 24:1	Behold, the LORD maketh the earth empty, and maketh it waste, and turneth it upside down, and scattereth abroad the inhabitants thereof.
Isaiah 24:11	There is a crying for wine in the streets; all joy is darkened, the mirth of the land is gone.
Isaiah 24:21	And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall punish the host of the high ones that are on high, and the kings of the earth upon the earth.
Isaiah 25:8	He will swallow up death in victory; and the Lord GOD will wipe away tears from off all faces; and the rebuke of his people shall he take away from off all the earth: for the LORD hath spoken it.
Isaiah 26:6	The foot shall tread it down, even the feet of the poor, and the steps of the needy.
Isaiah 26:16	LORD, in trouble have they visited thee, they poured out a prayer when thy chastening was upon them.
Isaiah 27:5	Or let him take hold of my strength, that he may make peace with me; and he shall make peace with me.
Isaiah 28:2	Behold, the Lord hath a mighty and strong one, which as a tempest of hail and a destroying storm, as a flood of mighty waters overflowing, shall cast down to the earth with the hand.
Isaiah 28:12	To whom he said, This is the rest wherewith ye may cause the weary to rest; and this is the refreshing: yet they would not hear.
Isaiah 28:22	Now therefore be ye not mockers, lest your bands be made strong: for I have heard from the Lord GOD of hosts a consumption, even determined upon the whole earth.
Isaiah 29:3	And I will camp against thee round about, and will lay siege against thee with a mount, and I will raise forts against thee.
Isaiah 29:13	Wherefore the Lord said, Forasmuch as this people draw near me with their mouth, and with their lips do honour me, but have removed their heart far from me, and their fear toward me is taught by the precept of men:
Isaiah 29:23	But when he seeth his children, the work of mine hands, in the midst of him, they shall sanctify my name, and sanctify the Holy One of Jacob, and shall fear the God of Israel.
Isaiah 30:9	That this is a rebellious people, lying children, children that will not hear the law of the LORD:
Isaiah 30:19	For the people shall dwell in Zion at Jerusalem: thou shalt weep no more: he will be very gracious unto thee at the voice of thy cry; when he shall hear it, he will answer thee.
Isaiah 30:29	Ye shall have a song, as in the night when a holy solemnity is kept; and gladness of heart, as when one goeth with a pipe to come into the mountain of the LORD, to the mighty One of Israel.
Isaiah 31:6	Turn ye unto him from whom the children of Israel have deeply revolted.
Isaiah 32:7	The instruments also of the churl are evil: he deviseth wicked devices to destroy the poor with lying words, even when the needy speaketh right.
Isaiah 32:17	And the work of righteousness shall be peace; and the effect of righteousness quietness and assurance for ever.
Isaiah 33:7	Behold, their valiant ones shall cry without: the ambassadors of peace shall weep bitterly.
Isaiah 33:17	Thine eyes shall see the king in his beauty: they shall behold the land that is very far off.
Isaiah 34:3	Their slain also shall be cast out, and their stink shall come up out of their carcases, and the mountains shall be melted with their blood.
Isaiah 34:13	And thorns shall come up in her palaces, nettles and brambles in the fortresses thereof: and it shall be an habitation of dragons, and a court for owls.
Isaiah 35:6	Then shall the lame man leap as an hart, and the tongue of the dumb sing: for in the wilderness shall waters break out, and streams in the desert.
Isaiah 36:6	Lo, thou trustest in the staff of this broken reed, on Egypt; whereon if a man lean, it will go into his hand, and pierce it: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all that trust in him.
Isaiah 36:16	Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the king of Assyria, Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me: and eat ye every one of his vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink ye every one the waters of his own cistern;
Isaiah 37:4	It may be the LORD thy God will hear the words of Rabshakeh, whom the king of Assyria his master hath sent to reproach the living God, and will reprove the words which the LORD thy God hath heard: wherefore lift up thy prayer for the remnant that is left.
Isaiah 37:14	And Hezekiah received the letter from the hand of the messengers, and read it: and Hezekiah went up unto the house of the LORD, and spread it before the LORD.
Isaiah 37:24	By thy servants hast thou reproached the Lord, and hast said, By the multitude of my chariots am I come up to the height of the mountains, to the sides of Lebanon; and I will cut down the tall cedars thereof, and the choice fir trees thereof: and I will enter into the height of his border, and the forest of his Carmel.
Isaiah 37:34	By the way that he came, by the same shall he return, and shall not come into this city, saith the LORD.
Isaiah 38:6	And I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria: and I will defend this city.
Isaiah 38:16	O LORD, by these things men live, and in all these things is the life of my spirit: so wilt thou recover me, and make me to live.
Isaiah 39:4	Then said he, What have they seen in thine house? And Hezekiah answered, All that is in mine house have they seen: there is nothing among my treasures that I have not shewed them.
Isaiah 40:6	The voice said, Cry. And he said, What shall I cry? All flesh is grass, and all the goodliness thereof is as the flower of the field:
Isaiah 40:16	And Lebanon is not sufficient to burn, nor the beasts thereof sufficient for a burnt offering.
Isaiah 40:26	Lift up your eyes on high, and behold who hath created these things, that bringeth out their host by number: he calleth them all by names by the greatness of his might, for that he is strong in power; not one faileth.
Isaiah 41:5	The isles saw it, and feared; the ends of the earth were afraid, drew near, and came.
Isaiah 41:15	Behold, I will make thee a new sharp threshing instrument having teeth: thou shalt thresh the mountains, and beat them small, and shalt make the hills as chaff.
Isaiah 41:25	I have raised up one from the north, and he shall come: from the rising of the sun shall he call upon my name: and he shall come upon princes as upon morter, and as the potter treadeth clay.
Isaiah 42:6	I the LORD have called thee in righteousness, and will hold thine hand, and will keep thee, and give thee for a covenant of the people, for a light of the Gentiles;
Isaiah 42:16	And I will bring the blind by a way that they knew not; I will lead them in paths that they have not known: I will make darkness light before them, and crooked things straight. These things will I do unto them, and not forsake them.
Isaiah 43:1	But now thus saith the LORD that created thee, O Jacob, and he that formed thee, O Israel, Fear not: for I have redeemed thee, I have called thee by thy name; thou art mine.
Isaiah 43:11	I, even I, am the LORD; and beside me there is no saviour.
Isaiah 43:21	This people have I formed for myself; they shall shew forth my praise.
Isaiah 44:3	For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon the dry ground: I will pour my spirit upon thy seed, and my blessing upon thine offspring:
Isaiah 44:13	The carpenter stretcheth out his rule; he marketh it out with a line; he fitteth it with planes, and he marketh it out with the compass, and maketh it after the figure of a man, according to the beauty of a man; that it may remain in the house.
Isaiah 44:23	Sing, O ye heavens; for the LORD hath done it: shout, ye lower parts of the earth: break forth into singing, ye mountains, O forest, and every tree therein: for the LORD hath redeemed Jacob, and glorified himself in Israel.
Isaiah 45:5	I am the LORD, and there is none else, there is no God beside me: I girded thee, though thou hast not known me:
Isaiah 45:15	Verily thou art a God that hidest thyself, O God of Israel, the Saviour.
Isaiah 45:25	In the LORD shall all the seed of Israel be justified, and shall glory.
Isaiah 46:10	Declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not yet done, saying, My counsel shall stand, and I will do all my pleasure:
Isaiah 47:7	And thou saidst, I shall be a lady for ever: so that thou didst not lay these things to thy heart, neither didst remember the latter end of it.
Isaiah 48:2	For they call themselves of the holy city, and stay themselves upon the God of Israel; The LORD of hosts is his name.
Isaiah 48:12	Hearken unto me, O Jacob and Israel, my called; I am he; I am the first, I also am the last.
Isaiah 48:22	There is no peace, saith the LORD, unto the wicked.
Isaiah 49:10	They shall not hunger nor thirst; neither shall the heat nor sun smite them: for he that hath mercy on them shall lead them, even by the springs of water shall he guide them.
Isaiah 49:20	The children which thou shalt have, after thou hast lost the other, shall say again in thine ears, The place is too strait for me: give place to me that I may dwell.
Isaiah 50:4	The Lord GOD hath given me the tongue of the learned, that I should know how to speak a word in season to him that is weary: he wakeneth morning by morning, he wakeneth mine ear to hear as the learned.
Isaiah 51:3	For the LORD shall comfort Zion: he will comfort all her waste places; and he will make her wilderness like Eden, and her desert like the garden of the LORD; joy and gladness shall be found therein, thanksgiving, and the voice of melody.
Isaiah 51:13	And forgettest the LORD thy maker, that hath stretched forth the heavens, and laid the foundations of the earth; and hast feared continually every day because of the fury of the oppressor, as if he were ready to destroy? and where is the fury of the oppressor?
Isaiah 51:23	But I will put it into the hand of them that afflict thee; which have said to thy soul, Bow down, that we may go over: and thou hast laid thy body as the ground, and as the street, to them that went over.
Isaiah 52:10	The LORD hath made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations; and all the ends of the earth shall see the salvation of our God.
Isaiah 53:5	But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.
Isaiah 54:3	For thou shalt break forth on the right hand and on the left; and thy seed shall inherit the Gentiles, and make the desolate cities to be inhabited.
Isaiah 54:13	And all thy children shall be taught of the LORD; and great shall be the peace of thy children.
Isaiah 55:6	Seek ye the LORD while he may be found, call ye upon him while he is near:
Isaiah 56:3	Neither let the son of the stranger, that hath joined himself to the LORD, speak, saying, The LORD hath utterly separated me from his people: neither let the eunuch say, Behold, I am a dry tree.
Isaiah 57:1	The righteous perisheth, and no man layeth it to heart: and merciful men are taken away, none considering that the righteous is taken away from the evil to come.
Isaiah 57:11	And of whom hast thou been afraid or feared, that thou hast lied, and hast not remembered me, nor laid it to thy heart? have not I held my peace even of old, and thou fearest me not?
Isaiah 57:21	There is no peace, saith my God, to the wicked.
Isaiah 58:10	And if thou draw out thy soul to the hungry, and satisfy the afflicted soul; then shall thy light rise in obscurity, and thy darkness be as the noon day:
Isaiah 59:6	Their webs shall not become garments, neither shall they cover themselves with their works: their works are works of iniquity, and the act of violence is in their hands.
Isaiah 59:16	And he saw that there was no man, and wondered that there was no intercessor: therefore his arm brought salvation unto him; and his righteousness, it sustained him.
Isaiah 60:5	Then thou shalt see, and flow together, and thine heart shall fear, and be enlarged; because the abundance of the sea shall be converted unto thee, the forces of the Gentiles shall come unto thee.
Isaiah 60:15	Whereas thou has been forsaken and hated, so that no man went through thee, I will make thee an eternal excellency, a joy of many generations.
Isaiah 61:3	To appoint unto them that mourn in Zion, to give unto them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness; that they might be called trees of righteousness, the planting of the LORD, that he might be glorified.
Isaiah 62:2	And the Gentiles shall see thy righteousness, and all kings thy glory: and thou shalt be called by a new name, which the mouth of the LORD shall name.
Isaiah 62:12	And they shall call them, The holy people, The redeemed of the LORD: and thou shalt be called, Sought out, A city not forsaken.
Isaiah 63:10	But they rebelled, and vexed his holy Spirit: therefore he was turned to be their enemy, and he fought against them.
Isaiah 64:1	Oh that thou wouldest rend the heavens, that thou wouldest come down, that the mountains might flow down at thy presence,
Isaiah 64:11	Our holy and our beautiful house, where our fathers praised thee, is burned up with fire: and all our pleasant things are laid waste.
Isaiah 65:9	And I will bring forth a seed out of Jacob, and out of Judah an inheritor of my mountains: and mine elect shall inherit it, and my servants shall dwell there.
Isaiah 65:19	And I will rejoice in Jerusalem, and joy in my people: and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her, nor the voice of crying.
Isaiah 66:4	I also will choose their delusions, and will bring their fears upon them; because when I called, none did answer; when I spake, they did not hear: but they did evil before mine eyes, and chose that in which I delighted not.
Isaiah 66:14	And when ye see this, your heart shall rejoice, and your bones shall flourish like an herb: and the hand of the LORD shall be known toward his servants, and his indignation toward his enemies.
Isaiah 66:24	And they shall go forth, and look upon the carcases of the men that have transgressed against me: for their worm shall not die, neither shall their fire be quenched; and they shall be an abhorring unto all flesh.
Jeremiah 1:10	See, I have this day set thee over the nations and over the kingdoms, to root out, and to pull down, and to destroy, and to throw down, to build, and to plant.
Jeremiah 2:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Jeremiah 2:11	Hath a nation changed their gods, which are yet no gods? but my people have changed their glory for that which doth not profit.
Jeremiah 2:21	Yet I had planted thee a noble vine, wholly a right seed: how then art thou turned into the degenerate plant of a strange vine unto me?
Jeremiah 2:31	O generation, see ye the word of the LORD. Have I been a wilderness unto Israel? a land of darkness? wherefore say my people, We are lords; we will come no more unto thee?
Jeremiah 3:4	Wilt thou not from this time cry unto me, My father, thou art the guide of my youth?
Jeremiah 3:14	Turn, O backsliding children, saith the LORD; for I am married unto you: and I will take you one of a city, and two of a family, and I will bring you to Zion:
Jeremiah 3:24	For shame hath devoured the labour of our fathers from our youth; their flocks and their herds, their sons and their daughters.
Jeremiah 4:9	And it shall come to pass at that day, saith the LORD, that the heart of the king shall perish, and the heart of the princes; and the priests shall be astonished, and the prophets shall wonder.
Jeremiah 4:19	My bowels, my bowels! I am pained at my very heart; my heart maketh a noise in me; I cannot hold my peace, because thou hast heard, O my soul, the sound of the trumpet, the alarm of war.
Jeremiah 4:29	The whole city shall flee for the noise of the horsemen and bowmen; they shall go into thickets, and climb up upon the rocks: every city shall be forsaken, and not a man dwell therein.
Jeremiah 5:8	They were as fed horses in the morning: every one neighed after his neighbour's wife.
Jeremiah 5:18	Nevertheless in those days, saith the LORD, I will not make a full end with you.
Jeremiah 5:28	They are waxen fat, they shine: yea, they overpass the deeds of the wicked: they judge not the cause, the cause of the fatherless, yet they prosper; and the right of the needy do they not judge.
Jeremiah 6:7	As a fountain casteth out her waters, so she casteth out her wickedness: violence and spoil is heard in her; before me continually is grief and wounds.
Jeremiah 6:17	Also I set watchmen over you, saying, Hearken to the sound of the trumpet. But they said, We will not hearken.
Jeremiah 6:27	I have set thee for a tower and a fortress among my people, that thou mayest know and try their way.
Jeremiah 7:7	Then will I cause you to dwell in this place, in the land that I gave to your fathers, for ever and ever.
Jeremiah 7:17	Seest thou not what they do in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem?
Jeremiah 7:27	Therefore thou shalt speak all these words unto them; but they will not hearken to thee: thou shalt also call unto them; but they will not answer thee.
Jeremiah 8:3	And death shall be chosen rather than life by all the residue of them that remain of this evil family, which remain in all the places whither I have driven them, saith the LORD of hosts.
Jeremiah 8:13	I will surely consume them, saith the LORD: there shall be no grapes on the vine, nor figs on the fig tree, and the leaf shall fade; and the things that I have given them shall pass away from them.
Jeremiah 9:1	Oh that my head were waters, and mine eyes a fountain of tears, that I might weep day and night for the slain of the daughter of my people!
Jeremiah 9:11	And I will make Jerusalem heaps, and a den of dragons; and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, without an inhabitant.
Jeremiah 9:21	For death is come up into our windows, and is entered into our palaces, to cut off the children from without, and the young men from the streets.
Jeremiah 10:5	They are upright as the palm tree, but speak not: they must needs be borne, because they cannot go. Be not afraid of them; for they cannot do evil, neither also is it in them to do good.
Jeremiah 10:15	They are vanity, and the work of errors: in the time of their visitation they shall perish.
Jeremiah 10:25	Pour out thy fury upon the heathen that know thee not, and upon the families that call not on thy name: for they have eaten up Jacob, and devoured him, and consumed him, and have made his habitation desolate.
Jeremiah 11:10	They are turned back to the iniquities of their forefathers, which refused to hear my words; and they went after other gods to serve them: the house of Israel and the house of Judah have broken my covenant which I made with their fathers.
Jeremiah 11:20	But, O LORD of hosts, that judgest righteously, that triest the reins and the heart, let me see thy vengeance on them: for unto thee have I revealed my cause.
Jeremiah 12:7	I have forsaken mine house, I have left mine heritage; I have given the dearly beloved of my soul into the hand of her enemies.
Jeremiah 12:17	But if they will not obey, I will utterly pluck up and destroy that nation, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 13:10	This evil people, which refuse to hear my words, which walk in the imagination of their heart, and walk after other gods, to serve them, and to worship them, shall even be as this girdle, which is good for nothing.
Jeremiah 13:20	Lift up your eyes, and behold them that come from the north: where is the flock that was given thee, thy beautiful flock?
Jeremiah 14:3	And their nobles have sent their little ones to the waters: they came to the pits, and found no water; they returned with their vessels empty; they were ashamed and confounded, and covered their heads.
Jeremiah 14:13	Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! behold, the prophets say unto them, Ye shall not see the sword, neither shall ye have famine; but I will give you assured peace in this place.
Jeremiah 15:1	Then said the LORD unto me, Though Moses and Samuel stood before me, yet my mind could not be toward this people: cast them out of my sight, and let them go forth.
Jeremiah 15:11	The LORD said, Verily it shall be well with thy remnant; verily I will cause the enemy to entreat thee well in the time of evil and in the time of affliction.
Jeremiah 15:21	And I will deliver thee out of the hand of the wicked, and I will redeem thee out of the hand of the terrible.
Jeremiah 16:10	And it shall come to pass, when thou shalt shew this people all these words, and they shall say unto thee, Wherefore hath the LORD pronounced all this great evil against us? or what is our iniquity? or what is our sin that we have committed against the LORD our God?
Jeremiah 16:20	Shall a man make gods unto himself, and they are no gods?
Jeremiah 17:9	The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it?
Jeremiah 17:19	Thus said the LORD unto me; Go and stand in the gate of the children of the people, whereby the kings of Judah come in, and by the which they go out, and in all the gates of Jerusalem;
Jeremiah 18:2	Arise, and go down to the potter's house, and there I will cause thee to hear my words.
Jeremiah 18:12	And they said, There is no hope: but we will walk after our own devices, and we will every one do the imagination of his evil heart.
Jeremiah 18:22	Let a cry be heard from their houses, when thou shalt bring a troop suddenly upon them: for they have digged a pit to take me, and hid snares for my feet.
Jeremiah 19:9	And I will cause them to eat the flesh of their sons and the flesh of their daughters, and they shall eat every one the flesh of his friend in the siege and straitness, wherewith their enemies, and they that seek their lives, shall straiten them.
Jeremiah 20:4	For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will make thee a terror to thyself, and to all thy friends: and they shall fall by the sword of their enemies, and thine eyes shall behold it: and I will give all Judah into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall carry them captive into Babylon, and shall slay them with the sword.
Jeremiah 20:14	Cursed be the day wherein I was born: let not the day wherein my mother bare me be blessed.
Jeremiah 21:6	And I will smite the inhabitants of this city, both man and beast: they shall die of a great pestilence.
Jeremiah 22:2	And say, Hear the word of the LORD, O king of Judah, that sittest upon the throne of David, thou, and thy servants, and thy people that enter in by these gates:
Jeremiah 22:12	But he shall die in the place whither they have led him captive, and shall see this land no more.
Jeremiah 22:22	The wind shall eat up all thy pastors, and thy lovers shall go into captivity: surely then shalt thou be ashamed and confounded for all thy wickedness.
Jeremiah 23:2	Therefore thus saith the LORD God of Israel against the pastors that feed my people; Ye have scattered my flock, and driven them away, and have not visited them: behold, I will visit upon you the evil of your doings, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 23:12	Wherefore their way shall be unto them as slippery ways in the darkness: they shall be driven on, and fall therein: for I will bring evil upon them, even the year of their visitation, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 23:22	But if they had stood in my counsel, and had caused my people to hear my words, then they should have turned them from their evil way, and from the evil of their doings.
Jeremiah 23:32	Behold, I am against them that prophesy false dreams, saith the LORD, and do tell them, and cause my people to err by their lies, and by their lightness; yet I sent them not, nor commanded them: therefore they shall not profit this people at all, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 24:2	One basket had very good figs, even like the figs that are first ripe: and the other basket had very naughty figs, which could not be eaten, they were so bad.
Jeremiah 25:2	The which Jeremiah the prophet spake unto all the people of Judah, and to all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying,
Jeremiah 25:12	And it shall come to pass, when seventy years are accomplished, that I will punish the king of Babylon, and that nation, saith the LORD, for their iniquity, and the land of the Chaldeans, and will make it perpetual desolations.
Jeremiah 25:22	And all the kings of Tyrus, and all the kings of Zidon, and the kings of the isles which are beyond the sea,
Jeremiah 25:32	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, Behold, evil shall go forth from nation to nation, and a great whirlwind shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth.
Jeremiah 26:4	And thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD; If ye will not hearken to me, to walk in my law, which I have set before you,
Jeremiah 26:14	As for me, behold, I am in your hand: do with me as seemeth good and meet unto you.
Jeremiah 26:24	Nevertheless the hand of Ahikam the son of Shaphan was with Jeremiah, that they should not give him into the hand of the people to put him to death.
Jeremiah 27:10	For they prophesy a lie unto you, to remove you far from your land; and that I should drive you out, and ye should perish.
Jeremiah 27:20	Which Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took not, when he carried away captive Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah from Jerusalem to Babylon, and all the nobles of Judah and Jerusalem;
Jeremiah 28:8	The prophets that have been before me and before thee of old prophesied both against many countries, and against great kingdoms, of war, and of evil, and of pestilence.
Jeremiah 29:1	Now these are the words of the letter that Jeremiah the prophet sent from Jerusalem unto the residue of the elders which were carried away captives, and to the priests, and to the prophets, and to all the people whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon;
Jeremiah 29:11	For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the LORD, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.
Jeremiah 29:21	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, of Ahab the son of Kolaiah, and of Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah, which prophesy a lie unto you in my name; Behold, I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon; and he shall slay them before your eyes;
Jeremiah 29:31	Send to all them of the captivity, saying, Thus saith the LORD concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite; Because that Shemaiah hath prophesied unto you, and I sent him not, and he caused you to trust in a lie:
Jeremiah 30:9	But they shall serve the LORD their God, and David their king, whom I will raise up unto them.
Jeremiah 30:19	And out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of them that make merry: and I will multiply them, and they shall not be few; I will also glorify them, and they shall not be small.
Jeremiah 31:5	Thou shalt yet plant vines upon the mountains of Samaria: the planters shall plant, and shall eat them as common things.
Jeremiah 31:15	Thus saith the LORD; A voice was heard in Ramah, lamentation, and bitter weeping; Rahel weeping for her children refused to be comforted for her children, because they were not.
Jeremiah 31:25	For I have satiated the weary soul, and I have replenished every sorrowful soul.
Jeremiah 31:35	Thus saith the LORD, which giveth the sun for a light by day, and the ordinances of the moon and of the stars for a light by night, which divideth the sea when the waves thereof roar; The LORD of hosts is his name:
Jeremiah 32:5	And he shall lead Zedekiah to Babylon, and there shall he be until I visit him, saith the LORD: though ye fight with the Chaldeans, ye shall not prosper.
Jeremiah 32:15	For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Houses and fields and vineyards shall be possessed again in this land.
Jeremiah 32:25	And thou hast said unto me, O Lord GOD, Buy thee the field for money, and take witnesses; for the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans.
Jeremiah 32:35	And they built the high places of Baal, which are in the valley of the son of Hinnom, to cause their sons and their daughters to pass through the fire unto Molech; which I commanded them not, neither came it into my mind, that they should do this abomination, to cause Judah to sin.
Jeremiah 33:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah the second time, while he was yet shut up in the court of the prison, saying,
Jeremiah 33:11	The voice of joy, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride, the voice of them that shall say, Praise the LORD of hosts: for the LORD is good; for his mercy endureth for ever: and of them that shall bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the LORD. For I will cause to return the captivity of the land, as at the first, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 33:21	Then may also my covenant be broken with David my servant, that he should not have a son to reign upon his throne; and with the Levites the priests, my ministers.
Jeremiah 34:5	But thou shalt die in peace: and with the burnings of thy fathers, the former kings which were before thee, so shall they burn odours for thee; and they will lament thee, saying, Ah lord! for I have pronounced the word, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 34:15	And ye were now turned, and had done right in my sight, in proclaiming liberty every man to his neighbour; and ye had made a covenant before me in the house which is called by my name:
Jeremiah 35:3	Then I took Jaazaniah the son of Jeremiah, the son of Habaziniah, and his brethren, and all his sons, and the whole house of the Rechabites;
Jeremiah 35:13	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Go and tell the men of Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, Will ye not receive instruction to hearken to my words? saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 36:4	Then Jeremiah called Baruch the son of Neriah: and Baruch wrote from the mouth of Jeremiah all the words of the LORD, which he had spoken unto him, upon a roll of a book.
Jeremiah 36:14	Therefore all the princes sent Jehudi the son of Nethaniah, the son of Shelemiah, the son of Cushi, unto Baruch, saying, Take in thine hand the roll wherein thou hast read in the ears of the people, and come. So Baruch the son of Neriah took the roll in his hand, and came unto them.
Jeremiah 36:24	Yet they were not afraid, nor rent their garments, neither the king, nor any of his servants that heard all these words.
Jeremiah 37:2	But neither he, nor his servants, nor the people of the land, did hearken unto the words of the LORD, which he spake by the prophet Jeremiah.
Jeremiah 37:12	Then Jeremiah went forth out of Jerusalem to go into the land of Benjamin, to separate himself thence in the midst of the people.
Jeremiah 38:1	Then Shephatiah the son of Mattan, and Gedaliah the son of Pashur, and Jucal the son of Shelemiah, and Pashur the son of Malchiah, heard the words that Jeremiah had spoken unto all the people, saying,
Jeremiah 38:11	So Ebedmelech took the men with him, and went into the house of the king under the treasury, and took thence old cast clouts and old rotten rags, and let them down by cords into the dungeon to Jeremiah.
Jeremiah 38:21	But if thou refuse to go forth, this is the word that the LORD hath shewed me:
Jeremiah 39:3	And all the princes of the king of Babylon came in, and sat in the middle gate, even Nergalsharezer, Samgarnebo, Sarsechim, Rabsaris, Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, with all the residue of the princes of the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 39:13	So Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard sent, and Nebushasban, Rabsaris, and Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, and all the king of Babylon's princes;
Jeremiah 40:5	Now while he was not yet gone back, he said, Go back also to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, whom the king of Babylon hath made governor over the cities of Judah, and dwell with him among the people: or go wheresoever it seemeth convenient unto thee to go. So the captain of the guard gave him victuals and a reward, and let him go.
Jeremiah 40:15	Then Johanan the son of Kareah spake to Gedaliah in Mizpah secretly saying, Let me go, I pray thee, and I will slay Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and no man shall know it: wherefore should he slay thee, that all the Jews which are gathered unto thee should be scattered, and the remnant in Judah perish?
Jeremiah 41:9	Now the pit wherein Ishmael had cast all the dead bodies of the men, whom he had slain because of Gedaliah, was it which Asa the king had made for fear of Baasha king of Israel: and Ishmael the son of Nethaniah filled it with them that were slain.
Jeremiah 42:1	Then all the captains of the forces, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jezaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people from the least even unto the greatest, came near,
Jeremiah 42:11	Be not afraid of the king of Babylon, of whom ye are afraid; be not afraid of him, saith the LORD: for I am with you to save you, and to deliver you from his hand.
Jeremiah 42:21	And now I have this day declared it to you; but ye have not obeyed the voice of the LORD your God, nor any thing for the which he hath sent me unto you.
Jeremiah 43:9	Take great stones in thine hand, and hide them in the clay in the brickkiln, which is at the entry of Pharaoh's house in Tahpanhes, in the sight of the men of Judah;
Jeremiah 44:6	Wherefore my fury and mine anger was poured forth, and was kindled in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem; and they are wasted and desolate, as at this day.
Jeremiah 44:16	As for the word that thou hast spoken unto us in the name of the LORD, we will not hearken unto thee.
Jeremiah 44:26	Therefore hear ye the word of the LORD, all Judah that dwell in the land of Egypt; Behold, I have sworn by my great name, saith the LORD, that my name shall no more be named in the mouth of any man of Judah in all the land of Egypt, saying, The Lord GOD liveth.
Jeremiah 46:1	The word of the LORD which came to Jeremiah the prophet against the Gentiles;
Jeremiah 46:11	Go up into Gilead, and take balm, O virgin, the daughter of Egypt: in vain shalt thou use many medicines; for thou shalt not be cured.
Jeremiah 46:21	Also her hired men are in the midst of her like fatted bullocks; for they also are turned back, and are fled away together: they did not stand, because the day of their calamity was come upon them, and the time of their visitation.
Jeremiah 47:3	At the noise of the stamping of the hoofs of his strong horses, at the rushing of his chariots, and at the rumbling of his wheels, the fathers shall not look back to their children for feebleness of hands;
Jeremiah 48:6	Flee, save your lives, and be like the heath in the wilderness.
Jeremiah 48:16	The calamity of Moab is near to come, and his affliction hasteth fast.
Jeremiah 48:26	Make ye him drunken: for he magnified himself against the LORD: Moab also shall wallow in his vomit, and he also shall be in derision.
Jeremiah 48:36	Therefore mine heart shall sound for Moab like pipes, and mine heart shall sound like pipes for the men of Kirheres: because the riches that he hath gotten are perished.
Jeremiah 48:46	Woe be unto thee, O Moab! the people of Chemosh perisheth: for thy sons are taken captives, and thy daughters captives.
Jeremiah 49:9	If grapegatherers come to thee, would they not leave some gleaning grapes? if thieves by night, they will destroy till they have enough.
Jeremiah 49:19	Behold, he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan against the habitation of the strong: but I will suddenly make him run away from her: and who is a chosen man, that I may appoint over her? for who is like me? and who will appoint me the time? and who is that shepherd that will stand before me?
Jeremiah 49:29	Their tents and their flocks shall they take away: they shall take to themselves their curtains, and all their vessels, and their camels; and they shall cry unto them, Fear is on every side.
Jeremiah 49:39	But it shall come to pass in the latter days, that I will bring again the captivity of Elam, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 50:10	And Chaldea shall be a spoil: all that spoil her shall be satisfied, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 50:20	In those days, and in that time, saith the LORD, the iniquity of Israel shall be sought for, and there shall be none; and the sins of Judah, and they shall not be found: for I will pardon them whom I reserve.
Jeremiah 50:30	Therefore shall her young men fall in the streets, and all her men of war shall be cut off in that day, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 50:40	As God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighbour cities thereof, saith the LORD; so shall no man abide there, neither shall any son of man dwell therein.
Jeremiah 51:4	Thus the slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans, and they that are thrust through in her streets.
Jeremiah 51:14	The LORD of hosts hath sworn by himself, saying, Surely I will fill thee with men, as with caterpillers; and they shall lift up a shout against thee.
Jeremiah 51:24	And I will render unto Babylon and to all the inhabitants of Chaldea all their evil that they have done in Zion in your sight, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 51:34	Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon hath devoured me, he hath crushed me, he hath made me an empty vessel, he hath swallowed me up like a dragon, he hath filled his belly with my delicates, he hath cast me out.
Jeremiah 51:44	And I will punish Bel in Babylon, and I will bring forth out of his mouth that which he hath swallowed up: and the nations shall not flow together any more unto him: yea, the wall of Babylon shall fall.
Jeremiah 51:54	A sound of a cry cometh from Babylon, and great destruction from the land of the Chaldeans:
Jeremiah 51:64	And thou shalt say, Thus shall Babylon sink, and shall not rise from the evil that I will bring upon her: and they shall be weary. Thus far are the words of Jeremiah.
Jeremiah 52:10	And the king of Babylon slew the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes: he slew also all the princes of Judah in Riblah.
Jeremiah 52:20	The two pillars, one sea, and twelve brasen bulls that were under the bases, which king Solomon had made in the house of the LORD: the brass of all these vessels was without weight.
Jeremiah 52:30	In the three and twentieth year of Nebuchadrezzar Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive of the Jews seven hundred forty and five persons: all the persons were four thousand and six hundred.
Lamentations 1:6	And from the daughter of Zion all her beauty is departed: her princes are become like harts that find no pasture, and they are gone without strength before the pursuer.
Lamentations 1:16	For these things I weep; mine eye, mine eye runneth down with water, because the comforter that should relieve my soul is far from me: my children are desolate, because the enemy prevailed.
Lamentations 2:4	He hath bent his bow like an enemy: he stood with his right hand as an adversary, and slew all that were pleasant to the eye in the tabernacle of the daughter of Zion: he poured out his fury like fire.
Lamentations 2:14	Thy prophets have seen vain and foolish things for thee: and they have not discovered thine iniquity, to turn away thy captivity; but have seen for thee false burdens and causes of banishment.
Lamentations 3:2	He hath led me, and brought me into darkness, but not into light.
Lamentations 3:12	He hath bent his bow, and set me as a mark for the arrow.
Lamentations 3:22	It is of the LORD's mercies that we are not consumed, because his compassions fail not.
Lamentations 3:32	But though he cause grief, yet will he have compassion according to the multitude of his mercies.
Lamentations 3:42	We have transgressed and have rebelled: thou hast not pardoned.
Lamentations 3:52	Mine enemies chased me sore, like a bird, without cause.
Lamentations 3:62	The lips of those that rose up against me, and their device against me all the day.
Lamentations 4:6	For the punishment of the iniquity of the daughter of my people is greater than the punishment of the sin of Sodom, that was overthrown as in a moment, and no hands stayed on her.
Lamentations 4:16	The anger of the LORD hath divided them; he will no more regard them: they respected not the persons of the priests, they favoured not the elders.
Lamentations 5:4	We have drunken our water for money; our wood is sold unto us.
Lamentations 5:14	The elders have ceased from the gate, the young men from their musick.
Ezekiel 1:2	In the fifth day of the month, which was the fifth year of king Jehoiachin's captivity,
Ezekiel 1:12	And they went every one straight forward: whither the spirit was to go, they went; and they turned not when they went.
Ezekiel 1:22	And the likeness of the firmament upon the heads of the living creature was as the colour of the terrible crystal, stretched forth over their heads above.
Ezekiel 2:4	For they are impudent children and stiffhearted. I do send thee unto them; and thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 3:4	And he said unto me, Son of man, go, get thee unto the house of Israel, and speak with my words unto them.
Ezekiel 3:14	So the spirit lifted me up, and took me away, and I went in bitterness, in the heat of my spirit; but the hand of the LORD was strong upon me.
Ezekiel 3:24	Then the spirit entered into me, and set me upon my feet, and spake with me, and said unto me, Go, shut thyself within thine house.
Ezekiel 4:7	Therefore thou shalt set thy face toward the siege of Jerusalem, and thine arm shall be uncovered, and thou shalt prophesy against it.
Ezekiel 4:17	That they may want bread and water, and be astonied one with another, and consume away for their iniquity.
Ezekiel 5:10	Therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of thee, and the sons shall eat their fathers; and I will execute judgments in thee, and the whole remnant of thee will I scatter into all the winds.
Ezekiel 6:3	And say, Ye mountains of Israel, hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus saith the Lord GOD to the mountains, and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys; Behold, I, even I, will bring a sword upon you, and I will destroy your high places.
Ezekiel 6:13	Then shall ye know that I am the LORD, when their slain men shall be among their idols round about their altars, upon every high hill, in all the tops of the mountains, and under every green tree, and under every thick oak, the place where they did offer sweet savour to all their idols.
Ezekiel 7:9	And mine eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity: I will recompense thee according to thy ways and thine abominations that are in the midst of thee; and ye shall know that I am the LORD that smiteth.
Ezekiel 7:19	They shall cast their silver in the streets, and their gold shall be removed: their silver and their gold shall not be able to deliver them in the day of the wrath of the LORD: they shall not satisfy their souls, neither fill their bowels: because it is the stumblingblock of their iniquity.
Ezekiel 8:2	Then I beheld, and lo a likeness as the appearance of fire: from the appearance of his loins even downward, fire; and from his loins even upward, as the appearance of brightness, as the colour of amber.
Ezekiel 8:12	Then said he unto me, Son of man, hast thou seen what the ancients of the house of Israel do in the dark, every man in the chambers of his imagery? for they say, the LORD seeth us not; the LORD hath forsaken the earth.
Ezekiel 9:4	And the LORD said unto him, Go through the midst of the city, through the midst of Jerusalem, and set a mark upon the foreheads of the men that sigh and that cry for all the abominations that be done in the midst thereof.
Ezekiel 10:3	Now the cherubims stood on the right side of the house, when the man went in; and the cloud filled the inner court.
Ezekiel 10:13	As for the wheels, it was cried unto them in my hearing, O wheel.
Ezekiel 11:1	Moreover the spirit lifted me up, and brought me unto the east gate of the LORD's house, which looketh eastward: and behold at the door of the gate five and twenty men; among whom I saw Jaazaniah the son of Azur, and Pelatiah the son of Benaiah, princes of the people.
Ezekiel 11:11	This city shall not be your caldron, neither shall ye be the flesh in the midst thereof; but I will judge you in the border of Israel:
Ezekiel 11:21	But as for them whose heart walketh after the heart of their detestable things and their abominations, I will recompense their way upon their own heads, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 12:6	In their sight shalt thou bear it upon thy shoulders, and carry it forth in the twilight: thou shalt cover thy face, that thou see not the ground: for I have set thee for a sign unto the house of Israel.
Ezekiel 12:16	But I will leave a few men of them from the sword, from the famine, and from the pestilence; that they may declare all their abominations among the heathen whither they come; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 12:26	Again the word of the LORD came to me, saying.
Ezekiel 13:8	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye have spoken vanity, and seen lies, therefore, behold, I am against you, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 13:18	And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Woe to the women that sew pillows to all armholes, and make kerchiefs upon the head of every stature to hunt souls! Will ye hunt the souls of my people, and will ye save the souls alive that come unto you?
Ezekiel 14:5	That I may take the house of Israel in their own heart, because they are all estranged from me through their idols.
Ezekiel 14:15	If I cause noisome beasts to pass through the land, and they spoil it, so that it be desolate, that no man may pass through because of the beasts:
Ezekiel 15:2	Son of man, what is the vine tree more than any tree, or than a branch which is among the trees of the forest?
Ezekiel 16:4	And as for thy nativity, in the day thou wast born thy navel was not cut, neither wast thou washed in water to supple thee; thou wast not salted at all, nor swaddled at all.
Ezekiel 16:14	And thy renown went forth among the heathen for thy beauty: for it was perfect through my comeliness, which I had put upon thee, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 16:24	That thou hast also built unto thee an eminent place, and hast made thee an high place in every street.
Ezekiel 16:34	And the contrary is in thee from other women in thy whoredoms, whereas none followeth thee to commit whoredoms: and in that thou givest a reward, and no reward is given unto thee, therefore thou art contrary.
Ezekiel 16:44	Behold, every one that useth proverbs shall use this proverb against thee, saying, As is the mother, so is her daughter.
Ezekiel 16:54	That thou mayest bear thine own shame, and mayest be confounded in all that thou hast done, in that thou art a comfort unto them.
Ezekiel 17:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 17:11	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 17:21	And all his fugitives with all his bands shall fall by the sword, and they that remain shall be scattered toward all winds: and ye shall know that I the LORD have spoken it.
Ezekiel 18:7	And hath not oppressed any, but hath restored to the debtor his pledge, hath spoiled none by violence, hath given his bread to the hungry, and hath covered the naked with a garment;
Ezekiel 18:17	That hath taken off his hand from the poor, that hath not received usury nor increase, hath executed my judgments, hath walked in my statutes; he shall not die for the iniquity of his father, he shall surely live.
Ezekiel 18:27	Again, when the wicked man turneth away from his wickedness that he hath committed, and doeth that which is lawful and right, he shall save his soul alive.
Ezekiel 19:5	Now when she saw that she had waited, and her hope was lost, then she took another of her whelps, and made him a young lion.
Ezekiel 20:1	And it came to pass in the seventh year, in the fifth month, the tenth day of the month, that certain of the elders of Israel came to enquire of the LORD, and sat before me.
Ezekiel 20:11	And I gave them my statutes, and shewed them my judgments, which if a man do, he shall even live in them.
Ezekiel 20:21	Notwithstanding the children rebelled against me: they walked not in my statutes, neither kept my judgments to do them, which if a man do, he shall even live in them; they polluted my sabbaths: then I said, I would pour out my fury upon them, to accomplish my anger against them in the wilderness.
Ezekiel 20:31	For when ye offer your gifts, when ye make your sons to pass through the fire, ye pollute yourselves with all your idols, even unto this day: and shall I be enquired of by you, O house of Israel? As I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will not be enquired of by you.
Ezekiel 20:41	I will accept you with your sweet savour, when I bring you out from the people, and gather you out of the countries wherein ye have been scattered; and I will be sanctified in you before the heathen.
Ezekiel 21:2	Son of man, set thy face toward Jerusalem, and drop thy word toward the holy places, and prophesy against the land of Israel,
Ezekiel 21:12	Cry and howl, son of man: for it shall be upon my people, it shall be upon all the princes of Israel: terrors by reason of the sword shall be upon my people: smite therefore upon thy thigh.
Ezekiel 21:22	At his right hand was the divination for Jerusalem, to appoint captains, to open the mouth in the slaughter, to lift up the voice with shouting, to appoint battering rams against the gates, to cast a mount, and to build a fort.
Ezekiel 21:32	Thou shalt be for fuel to the fire; thy blood shall be in the midst of the land; thou shalt be no more remembered: for I the LORD have spoken it.
Ezekiel 22:10	In thee have they discovered their fathers' nakedness: in thee have they humbled her that was set apart for pollution.
Ezekiel 22:20	As they gather silver, and brass, and iron, and lead, and tin, into the midst of the furnace, to blow the fire upon it, to melt it; so will I gather you in mine anger and in my fury, and I will leave you there, and melt you.
Ezekiel 22:30	And I sought for a man among them, that should make up the hedge, and stand in the gap before me for the land, that I should not destroy it: but I found none.
Ezekiel 23:9	Wherefore I have delivered her into the hand of her lovers, into the hand of the Assyrians, upon whom she doted.
Ezekiel 23:19	Yet she multiplied her whoredoms, in calling to remembrance the days of her youth, wherein she had played the harlot in the land of Egypt.
Ezekiel 23:29	And they shall deal with thee hatefully, and shall take away all thy labour, and shall leave thee naked and bare: and the nakedness of thy whoredoms shall be discovered, both thy lewdness and thy whoredoms.
Ezekiel 23:39	For when they had slain their children to their idols, then they came the same day into my sanctuary to profane it; and, lo, thus have they done in the midst of mine house.
Ezekiel 23:49	And they shall recompense your lewdness upon you, and ye shall bear the sins of your idols: and ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 24:10	Heap on wood, kindle the fire, consume the flesh, and spice it well, and let the bones be burned.
Ezekiel 24:20	Then I answered them, The word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 25:3	And say unto the Ammonites, Hear the word of the Lord GOD; Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou saidst, Aha, against my sanctuary, when it was profaned; and against the land of Israel, when it was desolate; and against the house of Judah, when they went into captivity;
Ezekiel 25:13	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also stretch out mine hand upon Edom, and will cut off man and beast from it; and I will make it desolate from Teman; and they of Dedan shall fall by the sword.
Ezekiel 26:6	And her daughters which are in the field shall be slain by the sword; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 26:16	Then all the princes of the sea shall come down from their thrones, and lay away their robes, and put off their broidered garments: they shall clothe themselves with trembling; they shall sit upon the ground, and shall tremble at every moment, and be astonished at thee.
Ezekiel 27:5	They have made all thy ship boards of fir trees of Senir: they have taken cedars from Lebanon to make masts for thee.
Ezekiel 27:15	The men of Dedan were thy merchants; many isles were the merchandise of thine hand: they brought thee for a present horns of ivory and ebony.
Ezekiel 27:25	The ships of Tarshish did sing of thee in thy market: and thou wast replenished, and made very glorious in the midst of the seas.
Ezekiel 27:35	All the inhabitants of the isles shall be astonished at thee, and their kings shall be sore afraid, they shall be troubled in their countenance.
Ezekiel 28:9	Wilt thou yet say before him that slayeth thee, I am God? but thou shalt be a man, and no God, in the hand of him that slayeth thee.
Ezekiel 28:19	All they that know thee among the people shall be astonished at thee: thou shalt be a terror, and never shalt thou be any more.
Ezekiel 29:3	Speak, and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, Pharaoh king of Egypt, the great dragon that lieth in the midst of his rivers, which hath said, My river is mine own, and I have made it for myself.
Ezekiel 29:13	Yet thus saith the Lord GOD; At the end of forty years will I gather the Egyptians from the people whither they were scattered:
Ezekiel 30:2	Son of man, prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Howl ye, Woe worth the day!
Ezekiel 30:12	And I will make the rivers dry, and sell the land into the hand of the wicked: and I will make the land waste, and all that is therein, by the hand of strangers: I the LORD have spoken it.
Ezekiel 30:22	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against Pharaoh king of Egypt, and will break his arms, the strong, and that which was broken; and I will cause the sword to fall out of his hand.
Ezekiel 31:6	All the fowls of heaven made their nests in his boughs, and under his branches did all the beasts of the field bring forth their young, and under his shadow dwelt all great nations.
Ezekiel 31:16	I made the nations to shake at the sound of his fall, when I cast him down to hell with them that descend into the pit: and all the trees of Eden, the choice and best of Lebanon, all that drink water, shall be comforted in the nether parts of the earth.
Ezekiel 32:8	All the bright lights of heaven will I make dark over thee, and set darkness upon thy land, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 32:18	Son of man, wail for the multitude of Egypt, and cast them down, even her, and the daughters of the famous nations, unto the nether parts of the earth, with them that go down into the pit.
Ezekiel 32:28	Yea, thou shalt be broken in the midst of the uncircumcised, and shalt lie with them that are slain with the sword.
Ezekiel 33:6	But if the watchman see the sword come, and blow not the trumpet, and the people be not warned; if the sword come, and take any person from among them, he is taken away in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at the watchman's hand.
Ezekiel 33:16	None of his sins that he hath committed shall be mentioned unto him: he hath done that which is lawful and right; he shall surely live.
Ezekiel 33:26	Ye stand upon your sword, ye work abomination, and ye defile every one his neighbour's wife: and shall ye possess the land?
Ezekiel 34:3	Ye eat the fat, and ye clothe you with the wool, ye kill them that are fed: but ye feed not the flock.
Ezekiel 34:13	And I will bring them out from the people, and gather them from the countries, and will bring them to their own land, and feed them upon the mountains of Israel by the rivers, and in all the inhabited places of the country.
Ezekiel 34:23	And I will set up one shepherd over them, and he shall feed them, even my servant David; he shall feed them, and he shall be their shepherd.
Ezekiel 35:2	Son of man, set thy face against mount Seir, and prophesy against it,
Ezekiel 35:12	And thou shalt know that I am the LORD, and that I have heard all thy blasphemies which thou hast spoken against the mountains of Israel, saying, They are laid desolate, they are given us to consume.
Ezekiel 36:7	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; I have lifted up mine hand, Surely the heathen that are about you, they shall bear their shame.
Ezekiel 36:17	Son of man, when the house of Israel dwelt in their own land, they defiled it by their own way and by their doings: their way was before me as the uncleanness of a removed woman.
Ezekiel 36:27	And I will put my spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes, and ye shall keep my judgments, and do them.
Ezekiel 36:37	Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will yet for this be enquired of by the house of Israel, to do it for them; I will increase them with men like a flock.
Ezekiel 37:9	Then said he unto me, Prophesy unto the wind, prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these slain, that they may live.
Ezekiel 37:19	Say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the stick of Joseph, which is in the hand of Ephraim, and the tribes of Israel his fellows, and will put them with him, even with the stick of Judah, and make them one stick, and they shall be one in mine hand.
Ezekiel 38:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 38:11	And thou shalt say, I will go up to the land of unwalled villages; I will go to them that are at rest, that dwell safely, all of them dwelling without walls, and having neither bars nor gates,
Ezekiel 38:21	And I will call for a sword against him throughout all my mountains, saith the Lord GOD: every man's sword shall be against his brother.
Ezekiel 39:8	Behold, it is come, and it is done, saith the Lord GOD; this is the day whereof I have spoken.
Ezekiel 39:18	Ye shall eat the flesh of the mighty, and drink the blood of the princes of the earth, of rams, of lambs, and of goats, of bullocks, all of them fatlings of Bashan.
Ezekiel 39:28	Then shall they know that I am the LORD their God, which caused them to be led into captivity among the heathen: but I have gathered them unto their own land, and have left none of them any more there.
Ezekiel 40:9	Then measured he the porch of the gate, eight cubits; and the posts thereof, two cubits; and the porch of the gate was inward.
Ezekiel 40:19	Then he measured the breadth from the forefront of the lower gate unto the forefront of the inner court without, an hundred cubits eastward and northward.
Ezekiel 40:29	And the little chambers thereof, and the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, according to these measures: and there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about: it was fifty cubits long, and five and twenty cubits broad.
Ezekiel 40:39	And in the porch of the gate were two tables on this side, and two tables on that side, to slay thereon the burnt offering and the sin offering and the trespass offering.
Ezekiel 40:49	The length of the porch was twenty cubits, and the breadth eleven cubits, and he brought me by the steps whereby they went up to it: and there were pillars by the posts, one on this side, and another on that side.
Ezekiel 41:10	And between the chambers was the wideness of twenty cubits round about the house on every side.
Ezekiel 41:20	From the ground unto above the door were cherubims and palm trees made, and on the wall of the temple.
Ezekiel 42:4	And before the chambers was a walk to ten cubits breadth inward, a way of one cubit; and their doors toward the north.
Ezekiel 42:14	When the priests enter therein, then shall they not go out of the holy place into the utter court, but there they shall lay their garments wherein they minister; for they are holy; and shall put on other garments, and shall approach to those things which are for the people.
Ezekiel 43:4	And the glory of the LORD came into the house by the way of the gate whose prospect is toward the east.
Ezekiel 43:14	And from the bottom upon the ground even to the lower settle shall be two cubits, and the breadth one cubit; and from the lesser settle even to the greater settle shall be four cubits, and the breadth one cubit.
Ezekiel 43:24	And thou shalt offer them before the LORD, and the priests shall cast salt upon them, and they shall offer them up for a burnt offering unto the LORD.
Ezekiel 44:7	In that ye have brought into my sanctuary strangers, uncircumcised in heart, and uncircumcised in flesh, to be in my sanctuary, to pollute it, even my house, when ye offer my bread, the fat and the blood, and they have broken my covenant because of all your abominations.
Ezekiel 44:17	And it shall come to pass, that when they enter in at the gates of the inner court, they shall be clothed with linen garments; and no wool shall come upon them, whiles they minister in the gates of the inner court, and within.
Ezekiel 44:27	And in the day that he goeth into the sanctuary, unto the inner court, to minister in the sanctuary, he shall offer his sin offering, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 45:6	And ye shall appoint the possession of the city five thousand broad, and five and twenty thousand long, over against the oblation of the holy portion: it shall be for the whole house of Israel.
Ezekiel 45:16	All the people of the land shall give this oblation for the prince in Israel.
Ezekiel 46:1	Thus saith the Lord GOD; The gate of the inner court that looketh toward the east shall be shut the six working days; but on the sabbath it shall be opened, and in the day of the new moon it shall be opened.
Ezekiel 46:11	And in the feasts and in the solemnities the meat offering shall be an ephah to a bullock, and an ephah to a ram, and to the lambs as he is able to give, and an hin of oil to an ephah.
Ezekiel 46:21	Then he brought me forth into the utter court, and caused me to pass by the four corners of the court; and, behold, in every corner of the court there was a court.
Ezekiel 47:7	Now when I had returned, behold, at the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other.
Ezekiel 47:17	And the border from the sea shall be Hazarenan, the border of Damascus, and the north northward, and the border of Hamath. And this is the north side.
Ezekiel 48:4	And by the border of Naphtali, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Manasseh.
Ezekiel 48:14	And they shall not sell of it, neither exchange, nor alienate the firstfruits of the land: for it is holy unto the LORD.
Ezekiel 48:24	And by the border of Benjamin, from the east side unto the west side, Simeon shall have a portion.
Ezekiel 48:34	At the west side four thousand and five hundred, with their three gates; one gate of Gad, one gate of Asher, one gate of Naphtali.
Daniel 1:9	Now God had brought Daniel into favour and tender love with the prince of the eunuchs.
Daniel 1:19	And the king communed with them; and among them all was found none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah: therefore stood they before the king.
Daniel 2:8	The king answered and said, I know of certainty that ye would gain the time, because ye see the thing is gone from me.
Daniel 2:18	That they would desire mercies of the God of heaven concerning this secret; that Daniel and his fellows should not perish with the rest of the wise men of Babylon.
Daniel 2:28	But there is a God in heaven that revealeth secrets, and maketh known to the king Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the latter days. Thy dream, and the visions of thy head upon thy bed, are these;
Daniel 2:38	And wheresoever the children of men dwell, the beasts of the field and the fowls of the heaven hath he given into thine hand, and hath made thee ruler over them all. Thou art this head of gold.
Daniel 2:48	Then the king made Daniel a great man, and gave him many great gifts, and made him ruler over the whole province of Babylon, and chief of the governors over all the wise men of Babylon.
Daniel 3:9	They spake and said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, O king, live for ever.
Daniel 3:19	Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his visage was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego: therefore he spake, and commanded that they should heat the furnace one seven times more than it was wont to be heated.
Daniel 3:29	Therefore I make a decree, That every people, nation, and language, which speak any thing amiss against the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, shall be cut in pieces, and their houses shall be made a dunghill: because there is no other God that can deliver after this sort.
Daniel 4:9	O Belteshazzar, master of the magicians, because I know that the spirit of the holy gods is in thee, and no secret troubleth thee, tell me the visions of my dream that I have seen, and the interpretation thereof.
Daniel 4:19	Then Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar, was astonied for one hour, and his thoughts troubled him. The king spake, and said, Belteshazzar, let not the dream, or the interpretation thereof, trouble thee. Belteshazzar answered and said, My lord, the dream be to them that hate thee, and the interpretation thereof to thine enemies.
Daniel 4:29	At the end of twelve months he walked in the palace of the kingdom of Babylon.
Daniel 5:2	Belshazzar, whiles he tasted the wine, commanded to bring the golden and silver vessels which his father Nebuchadnezzar had taken out of the temple which was in Jerusalem; that the king, and his princes, his wives, and his concubines, might drink therein.
Daniel 5:12	Forasmuch as an excellent spirit, and knowledge, and understanding, interpreting of dreams, and shewing of hard sentences, and dissolving of doubts, were found in the same Daniel, whom the king named Belteshazzar: now let Daniel be called, and he will shew the interpretation.
Daniel 5:22	And thou his son, O Belshazzar, hast not humbled thine heart, though thou knewest all this;
Daniel 6:1	It pleased Darius to set over the kingdom an hundred and twenty princes, which should be over the whole kingdom;
Daniel 6:11	Then these men assembled, and found Daniel praying and making supplication before his God.
Daniel 6:21	Then said Daniel unto the king, O king, live for ever.
Daniel 7:3	And four great beasts came up from the sea, diverse one from another.
Daniel 7:13	I saw in the night visions, and, behold, one like the Son of man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of days, and they brought him near before him.
Daniel 7:23	Thus he said, The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon earth, which shall be diverse from all kingdoms, and shall devour the whole earth, and shall tread it down, and break it in pieces.
Daniel 8:5	And as I was considering, behold, an he goat came from the west on the face of the whole earth, and touched not the ground: and the goat had a notable horn between his eyes.
Daniel 8:15	And it came to pass, when I, even I Daniel, had seen the vision, and sought for the meaning, then, behold, there stood before me as the appearance of a man.
Daniel 8:25	And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand; and he shall magnify himself in his heart, and by peace shall destroy many: he shall also stand up against the Prince of princes; but he shall be broken without hand.
Daniel 9:8	O Lord, to us belongeth confusion of face, to our kings, to our princes, and to our fathers, because we have sinned against thee.
Daniel 9:18	O my God, incline thine ear, and hear; open thine eyes, and behold our desolations, and the city which is called by thy name: for we do not present our supplications before thee for our righteousnesses, but for thy great mercies.
Daniel 10:1	In the third year of Cyrus king of Persia a thing was revealed unto Daniel, whose name was called Belteshazzar; and the thing was true, but the time appointed was long: and he understood the thing, and had understanding of the vision.
Daniel 10:11	And he said unto me, O Daniel, a man greatly beloved, understand the words that I speak unto thee, and stand upright: for unto thee am I now sent. And when he had spoken this word unto me, I stood trembling.
Daniel 10:21	But I will shew thee that which is noted in the scripture of truth: and there is none that holdeth with me in these things, but Michael your prince.
Daniel 11:10	But his sons shall be stirred up, and shall assemble a multitude of great forces: and one shall certainly come, and overflow, and pass through: then shall he return, and be stirred up, even to his fortress.
Daniel 11:20	Then shall stand up in his estate a raiser of taxes in the glory of the kingdom: but within few days he shall be destroyed, neither in anger, nor in battle.
Daniel 11:30	For the ships of Chittim shall come against him: therefore he shall be grieved, and return, and have indignation against the holy covenant: so shall he do; he shall even return, and have intelligence with them that forsake the holy covenant.
Daniel 11:40	And at the time of the end shall the king of the south push at him: and the king of the north shall come against him like a whirlwind, with chariots, and with horsemen, and with many ships; and he shall enter into the countries, and shall overflow and pass over.
Daniel 12:5	Then I Daniel looked, and, behold, there stood other two, the one on this side of the bank of the river, and the other on that side of the bank of the river.
Hosea 1:2	The beginning of the word of the LORD by Hosea. And the LORD said to Hosea, Go, take unto thee a wife of whoredoms and children of whoredoms: for the land hath committed great whoredom, departing from the LORD.
Hosea 2:1	Say ye unto your brethren, Ammi; and to your sisters, Ruhamah.
Hosea 2:11	I will also cause all her mirth to cease, her feast days, her new moons, and her sabbaths, and all her solemn feasts.
Hosea 2:21	And it shall come to pass in that day, I will hear, saith the LORD, I will hear the heavens, and they shall hear the earth;
Hosea 4:3	Therefore shall the land mourn, and every one that dwelleth therein shall languish, with the beasts of the field, and with the fowls of heaven; yea, the fishes of the sea also shall be taken away.
Hosea 4:13	They sacrifice upon the tops of the mountains, and burn incense upon the hills, under oaks and poplars and elms, because the shadow thereof is good: therefore your daughters shall commit whoredom, and your spouses shall commit adultery.
Hosea 5:4	They will not frame their doings to turn unto their God: for the spirit of whoredoms is in the midst of them, and they have not known the LORD.
Hosea 5:14	For I will be unto Ephraim as a lion, and as a young lion to the house of Judah: I, even I, will tear and go away; I will take away, and none shall rescue him.
Hosea 6:9	And as troops of robbers wait for a man, so the company of priests murder in the way by consent: for they commit lewdness.
Hosea 7:8	Ephraim, he hath mixed himself among the people; Ephraim is a cake not turned.
Hosea 8:2	Israel shall cry unto me, My God, we know thee.
Hosea 8:12	I have written to him the great things of my law, but they were counted as a strange thing.
Hosea 9:8	The watchman of Ephraim was with my God: but the prophet is a snare of a fowler in all his ways, and hatred in the house of his God.
Hosea 10:1	Israel is an empty vine, he bringeth forth fruit unto himself: according to the multitude of his fruit he hath increased the altars; according to the goodness of his land they have made goodly images.
Hosea 10:11	And Ephraim is as an heifer that is taught, and loveth to tread out the corn; but I passed over upon her fair neck: I will make Ephraim to ride; Judah shall plow, and Jacob shall break his clods.
Hosea 11:6	And the sword shall abide on his cities, and shall consume his branches, and devour them, because of their own counsels.
Hosea 12:4	Yea, he had power over the angel, and prevailed: he wept, and made supplication unto him: he found him in Bethel, and there he spake with us;
Hosea 12:14	Ephraim provoked him to anger most bitterly: therefore shall he leave his blood upon him, and his reproach shall his LORD return unto him.
Hosea 13:10	I will be thy king: where is any other that may save thee in all thy cities? and thy judges of whom thou saidst, Give me a king and princes?
Hosea 14:4	I will heal their backsliding, I will love them freely: for mine anger is turned away from him.
Joel 1:5	Awake, ye drunkards, and weep; and howl, all ye drinkers of wine, because of the new wine; for it is cut off from your mouth.
Joel 1:15	Alas for the day! for the day of the LORD is at hand, and as a destruction from the Almighty shall it come.
Joel 2:5	Like the noise of chariots on the tops of mountains shall they leap, like the noise of a flame of fire that devoureth the stubble, as a strong people set in battle array.
Joel 2:15	Blow the trumpet in Zion, sanctify a fast, call a solemn assembly:
Joel 2:25	And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerworm, and the caterpiller, and the palmerworm, my great army which I sent among you.
Joel 3:3	And they have cast lots for my people; and have given a boy for an harlot, and sold a girl for wine, that they might drink.
Joel 3:13	Put ye in the sickle, for the harvest is ripe: come, get you down; for the press is full, the fats overflow; for their wickedness is great.
Amos 1:2	And he said, The LORD will roar from Zion, and utter his voice from Jerusalem; and the habitations of the shepherds shall mourn, and the top of Carmel shall wither.
Amos 1:12	But I will send a fire upon Teman, which shall devour the palaces of Bozrah.
Amos 2:7	That pant after the dust of the earth on the head of the poor, and turn aside the way of the meek: and a man and his father will go in unto the same maid, to profane my holy name:
Amos 3:1	Hear this word that the LORD hath spoken against you, O children of Israel, against the whole family which I brought up from the land of Egypt, saying,
Amos 3:11	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; An adversary there shall be even round about the land; and he shall bring down thy strength from thee, and thy palaces shall be spoiled.
Amos 4:6	And I also have given you cleanness of teeth in all your cities, and want of bread in all your places: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.
Amos 5:3	For thus saith the Lord GOD; The city that went out by a thousand shall leave an hundred, and that which went forth by an hundred shall leave ten, to the house of Israel.
Amos 5:13	Therefore the prudent shall keep silence in that time; for it is an evil time.
Amos 5:23	Take thou away from me the noise of thy songs; for I will not hear the melody of thy viols.
Amos 6:6	That drink wine in bowls, and anoint themselves with the chief ointments: but they are not grieved for the affliction of Joseph.
Amos 7:2	And it came to pass, that when they had made an end of eating the grass of the land, then I said, O Lord GOD, forgive, I beseech thee: by whom shall Jacob arise? for he is small.
Amos 7:12	Also Amaziah said unto Amos, O thou seer, go, flee thee away into the land of Judah, and there eat bread, and prophesy there:
Amos 8:5	Saying, When will the new moon be gone, that we may sell corn? and the sabbath, that we may set forth wheat, making the ephah small, and the shekel great, and falsifying the balances by deceit?
Amos 9:1	I saw the LORD standing upon the altar: and he said, Smite the lintel of the door, that the posts may shake: and cut them in the head, all of them; and I will slay the last of them with the sword: he that fleeth of them shall not flee away, and he that escapeth of them shall not be delivered.
Amos 9:11	In that day will I raise up the tabernacle of David that is fallen, and close up the breaches thereof; and I will raise up his ruins, and I will build it as in the days of old:
Obadiah 1:6	How are the things of Esau searched out! how are his hidden things sought up!
Obadiah 1:16	For as ye have drunk upon my holy mountain, so shall all the heathen drink continually, yea, they shall drink, and they shall swallow down, and they shall be as though they had not been.
Jonah 1:5	Then the mariners were afraid, and cried every man unto his god, and cast forth the wares that were in the ship into the sea, to lighten it of them. But Jonah was gone down into the sides of the ship; and he lay, and was fast asleep.
Jonah 1:15	So they look up Jonah, and cast him forth into the sea: and the sea ceased from her raging.
Jonah 2:8	They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy.
Jonah 3:8	But let man and beast be covered with sackcloth, and cry mightily unto God: yea, let them turn every one from his evil way, and from the violence that is in their hands.
Jonah 4:8	And it came to pass, when the sun did arise, that God prepared a vehement east wind; and the sun beat upon the head of Jonah, that he fainted, and wished in himself to die, and said, It is better for me to die than to live.
Micah 1:7	And all the graven images thereof shall be beaten to pieces, and all the hires thereof shall be burned with the fire, and all the idols thereof will I lay desolate: for she gathered it of the hire of an harlot, and they shall return to the hire of an harlot.
Micah 2:1	Woe to them that devise iniquity, and work evil upon their beds! when the morning is light, they practise it, because it is in the power of their hand.
Micah 2:11	If a man walking in the spirit and falsehood do lie, saying, I will prophesy unto thee of wine and of strong drink; he shall even be the prophet of this people.
Micah 3:8	But truly I am full of power by the spirit of the LORD, and of judgment, and of might, to declare unto Jacob his transgression, and to Israel his sin.
Micah 4:6	In that day, saith the LORD, will I assemble her that halteth, and I will gather her that is driven out, and her that I have afflicted;
Micah 5:3	Therefore will he give them up, until the time that she which travaileth hath brought forth: then the remnant of his brethren shall return unto the children of Israel.
Micah 5:13	Thy graven images also will I cut off, and thy standing images out of the midst of thee; and thou shalt no more worship the work of thine hands.
Micah 6:8	He hath shewed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the LORD require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?
Micah 7:2	The good man is perished out of the earth: and there is none upright among men: they all lie in wait for blood; they hunt every man his brother with a net.
Micah 7:12	In that day also he shall come even to thee from Assyria, and from the fortified cities, and from the fortress even to the river, and from sea to sea, and from mountain to mountain.
Nahum 1:2	God is jealous, and the LORD revengeth; the LORD revengeth, and is furious; the LORD will take vengeance on his adversaries, and he reserveth wrath for his enemies.
Nahum 1:12	Thus saith the LORD; Though they be quiet, and likewise many, yet thus shall they be cut down, when he shall pass through. Though I have afflicted thee, I will afflict thee no more.
Nahum 2:7	And Huzzab shall be led away captive, she shall be brought up, and her maids shall lead her as with the voice of doves, tabering upon their breasts.
Nahum 3:4	Because of the multitude of the whoredoms of the wellfavoured harlot, the mistress of witchcrafts, that selleth nations through her whoredoms, and families through her witchcrafts.
Nahum 3:14	Draw thee waters for the siege, fortify thy strong holds: go into clay, and tread the morter, make strong the brickkiln.
Habakkuk 1:5	Behold ye among the heathen, and regard, and wonder marvelously: for I will work a work in your days which ye will not believe, though it be told you.
Habakkuk 1:15	They take up all of them with the angle, they catch them in their net, and gather them in their drag: therefore they rejoice and are glad.
Habakkuk 2:8	Because thou hast spoiled many nations, all the remnant of the people shall spoil thee; because of men's blood, and for the violence of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein.
Habakkuk 2:18	What profiteth the graven image that the maker thereof hath graven it; the molten image, and a teacher of lies, that the maker of his work trusteth therein, to make dumb idols?
Habakkuk 3:8	Was the LORD displeased against the rivers? was thine anger against the rivers? was thy wrath against the sea, that thou didst ride upon thine horses and thy chariots of salvation?
Habakkuk 3:18	Yet I will rejoice in the LORD, I will joy in the God of my salvation.
Zephaniah 1:9	In the same day also will I punish all those that leap on the threshold, which fill their masters' houses with violence and deceit.
Zephaniah 2:1	Gather yourselves together, yea, gather together, O nation not desired;
Zephaniah 2:11	The LORD will be terrible unto them: for he will famish all the gods of the earth; and men shall worship him, every one from his place, even all the isles of the heathen.
Zephaniah 3:6	I have cut off the nations: their towers are desolate; I made their streets waste, that none passeth by: their cities are destroyed, so that there is no man, that there is none inhabitant.
Zephaniah 3:16	In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem, Fear thou not: and to Zion, Let not thine hands be slack.
Haggai 1:6	Ye have sown much, and bring in little; ye eat, but ye have not enough; ye drink, but ye are not filled with drink; ye clothe you, but there is none warm; and he that earneth wages earneth wages to put it into a bag with holes.
Haggai 2:1	In the seventh month, in the one and twentieth day of the month, came the word of the LORD by the prophet Haggai, saying,
Haggai 2:11	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Ask now the priests concerning the law, saying,
Haggai 2:21	Speak to Zerubbabel, governor of Judah, saying, I will shake the heavens and the earth;
Zechariah 1:8	I saw by night, and behold a man riding upon a red horse, and he stood among the myrtle trees that were in the bottom; and behind him were there red horses, speckled, and white.
Zechariah 1:18	Then lifted I up mine eyes, and saw, and behold four horns.
Zechariah 2:7	Deliver thyself, O Zion, that dwellest with the daughter of Babylon.
Zechariah 3:4	And he answered and spake unto those that stood before him, saying, Take away the filthy garments from him. And unto him he said, Behold, I have caused thine iniquity to pass from thee, and I will clothe thee with change of raiment.
Zechariah 4:4	So I answered and spake to the angel that talked with me, saying, What are these, my lord?
Zechariah 4:14	Then said he, These are the two anointed ones, that stand by the LORD of the whole earth.
Zechariah 5:10	Then said I to the angel that talked with me, Whither do these bear the ephah?
Zechariah 6:9	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Zechariah 7:4	Then came the word of the LORD of hosts unto me, saying,
Zechariah 7:14	But I scattered them with a whirlwind among all the nations whom they knew not. Thus the land was desolate after them, that no man passed through nor returned: for they laid the pleasant land desolate.
Zechariah 8:10	For before these days there was no hire for man, nor any hire for beast; neither was there any peace to him that went out or came in because of the affliction: for I set all men every one against his neighbour.
Zechariah 8:20	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; It shall yet come to pass, that there shall come people, and the inhabitants of many cities:
Zechariah 9:7	And I will take away his blood out of his mouth, and his abominations from between his teeth: but he that remaineth, even he, shall be for our God, and he shall be as a governor in Judah, and Ekron as a Jebusite.
Zechariah 9:17	For how great is his goodness, and how great is his beauty! corn shall make the young men cheerful, and new wine the maids.
Zechariah 10:10	I will bring them again also out of the land of Egypt, and gather them out of Assyria; and I will bring them into the land of Gilead and Lebanon; and place shall not be found for them.
Zechariah 11:8	Three shepherds also I cut off in one month; and my soul lothed them, and their soul also abhorred me.
Zechariah 12:1	The burden of the word of the LORD for Israel, saith the LORD, which stretcheth forth the heavens, and layeth the foundation of the earth, and formeth the spirit of man within him.
Zechariah 12:11	In that day shall there be a great mourning in Jerusalem, as the mourning of Hadadrimmon in the valley of Megiddon.
Zechariah 13:7	Awake, O sword, against my shepherd, and against the man that is my fellow, saith the LORD of hosts: smite the shepherd, and the sheep shall be scattered: and I will turn mine hand upon the little ones.
Zechariah 14:8	And it shall be in that day, that living waters shall go out from Jerusalem; half of them toward the former sea, and half of them toward the hinder sea: in summer and in winter shall it be.
Zechariah 14:18	And if the family of Egypt go not up, and come not, that have no rain; there shall be the plague, wherewith the LORD will smite the heathen that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles.
Malachi 1:7	Ye offer polluted bread upon mine altar; and ye say, Wherein have we polluted thee? In that ye say, The table of the LORD is contemptible.
Malachi 2:3	Behold, I will corrupt your seed, and spread dung upon your faces, even the dung of your solemn feasts; and one shall take you away with it.
Malachi 2:13	And this have ye done again, covering the altar of the LORD with tears, with weeping, and with crying out, insomuch that he regardeth not the offering any more, or receiveth it with good will at your hand.
Malachi 3:6	For I am the LORD, I change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob are not consumed.
Malachi 3:16	Then they that feared the LORD spake often one to another: and the LORD hearkened, and heard it, and a book of remembrance was written before him for them that feared the LORD, and that thought upon his name.
Matthew 1:2	Abraham begat Isaac; and Isaac begat Jacob; and Jacob begat Judas and his brethren;
Matthew 1:12	And after they were brought to Babylon, Jechonias begat Salathiel; and Salathiel begat Zorobabel;
Matthew 1:22	Now all this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying,
Matthew 2:7	Then Herod, when he had privily called the wise men, enquired of them diligently what time the star appeared.
Matthew 2:17	Then was fulfilled that which was spoken by Jeremy the prophet, saying,
Matthew 3:4	And the same John had his raiment of camel's hair, and a leathern girdle about his loins; and his meat was locusts and wild honey.
Matthew 3:14	But John forbad him, saying, I have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to me?
Matthew 4:7	Jesus said unto him, It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God.
Matthew 4:17	From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
Matthew 5:2	And he opened his mouth, and taught them, saying,
Matthew 5:12	Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you.
Matthew 5:22	But I say unto you, That whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment: and whosoever shall say to his brother, Raca, shall be in danger of the council: but whosoever shall say, Thou fool, shall be in danger of hell fire.
Matthew 5:32	But I say unto you, That whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication, causeth her to commit adultery: and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery.
Matthew 5:42	Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn not thou away.
Matthew 6:4	That thine alms may be in secret: and thy Father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly.
Matthew 6:14	For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you:
Matthew 6:24	No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.
Matthew 6:34	Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
Matthew 7:10	Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent?
Matthew 7:20	Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.
Matthew 8:1	When he was come down from the mountain, great multitudes followed him.
Matthew 8:11	And I say unto you, That many shall come from the east and west, and shall sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, in the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 8:21	And another of his disciples said unto him, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father.
Matthew 8:31	So the devils besought him, saying, If thou cast us out, suffer us to go away into the herd of swine.
Matthew 9:7	And he arose, and departed to his house.
Matthew 9:17	Neither do men put new wine into old bottles: else the bottles break, and the wine runneth out, and the bottles perish: but they put new wine into new bottles, and both are preserved.
Matthew 9:27	And when Jesus departed thence, two blind men followed him, crying, and saying, Thou son of David, have mercy on us.
Matthew 9:37	Then saith he unto his disciples, The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few;
Matthew 10:9	Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor brass in your purses,
Matthew 10:19	But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak.
Matthew 10:29	Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father.
Matthew 10:39	He that findeth his life shall lose it: and he that loseth his life for my sake shall find it.
Matthew 11:7	And as they departed, Jesus began to say unto the multitudes concerning John, What went ye out into the wilderness to see? A reed shaken with the wind?
Matthew 11:17	And saying, We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced; we have mourned unto you, and ye have not lamented.
Matthew 11:27	All things are delivered unto me of my Father: and no man knoweth the Son, but the Father; neither knoweth any man the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him.
Matthew 12:7	But if ye had known what this meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice, ye would not have condemned the guiltless.
Matthew 12:17	That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet, saying,
Matthew 12:27	And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils, by whom do your children cast them out? therefore they shall be your judges.
Matthew 12:37	For by thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy words thou shalt be condemned.
Matthew 12:47	Then one said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to speak with thee.
Matthew 13:7	And some fell among thorns; and the thorns sprung up, and choked them:
Matthew 13:17	For verily I say unto you, That many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them.
Matthew 13:27	So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, Sir, didst not thou sow good seed in thy field? from whence then hath it tares?
Matthew 13:37	He answered and said unto them, He that soweth the good seed is the Son of man;
Matthew 13:47	Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a net, that was cast into the sea, and gathered of every kind:
Matthew 13:57	And they were offended in him. But Jesus said unto them, A prophet is not without honour, save in his own country, and in his own house.
Matthew 14:9	And the king was sorry: nevertheless for the oath's sake, and them which sat with him at meat, he commanded it to be given her.
Matthew 14:19	And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took the five loaves, and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed, and brake, and gave the loaves to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude.
Matthew 14:29	And he said, Come. And when Peter was come down out of the ship, he walked on the water, to go to Jesus.
Matthew 15:3	But he answered and said unto them, Why do ye also transgress the commandment of God by your tradition?
Matthew 15:13	But he answered and said, Every plant, which my heavenly Father hath not planted, shall be rooted up.
Matthew 15:23	But he answered her not a word. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, Send her away; for she crieth after us.
Matthew 15:33	And his disciples say unto him, Whence should we have so much bread in the wilderness, as to fill so great a multitude?
Matthew 16:4	A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign; and there shall no sign be given unto it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas. And he left them, and departed.
Matthew 16:14	And they said, Some say that thou art John the Baptist: some, Elias; and others, Jeremias, or one of the prophets.
Matthew 16:24	Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
Matthew 17:6	And when the disciples heard it, they fell on their face, and were sore afraid.
Matthew 17:16	And I brought him to thy disciples, and they could not cure him.
Matthew 17:26	Peter saith unto him, Of strangers. Jesus saith unto him, Then are the children free.
Matthew 18:9	And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life with one eye, rather than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire.
Matthew 18:19	Again I say unto you, That if two of you shall agree on earth as touching any thing that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 18:29	And his fellowservant fell down at his feet, and besought him, saying, Have patience with me, and I will pay thee all.
Matthew 19:4	And he answered and said unto them, Have ye not read, that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female,
Matthew 19:14	But Jesus said, Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 19:24	And again I say unto you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.
Matthew 20:4	And said unto them; Go ye also into the vineyard, and whatsoever is right I will give you. And they went their way.
Matthew 20:14	Take that thine is, and go thy way: I will give unto this last, even as unto thee.
Matthew 20:24	And when the ten heard it, they were moved with indignation against the two brethren.
Matthew 20:34	So Jesus had compassion on them, and touched their eyes: and immediately their eyes received sight, and they followed him.
Matthew 21:10	And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying, Who is this?
Matthew 21:20	And when the disciples saw it, they marvelled, saying, How soon is the fig tree withered away!
Matthew 21:30	And he came to the second, and said likewise. And he answered and said, I go, sir: and went not.
Matthew 21:40	When the lord therefore of the vineyard cometh, what will he do unto those husbandmen?
Matthew 22:4	Again, he sent forth other servants, saying, Tell them which are bidden, Behold, I have prepared my dinner: my oxen and my fatlings are killed, and all things are ready: come unto the marriage.
Matthew 22:14	For many are called, but few are chosen.
Matthew 22:24	Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.
Matthew 22:34	But when the Pharisees had heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, they were gathered together.
Matthew 22:44	The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies thy footstool?
Matthew 23:8	But be not ye called Rabbi: for one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren.
Matthew 23:18	And, Whosoever shall swear by the altar, it is nothing; but whosoever sweareth by the gift that is upon it, he is guilty.
Matthew 23:28	Even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity.
Matthew 23:38	Behold, your house is left unto you desolate.
Matthew 24:9	Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and shall kill you: and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake.
Matthew 24:19	And woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days!
Matthew 24:29	Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken:
Matthew 24:39	And knew not until the flood came, and took them all away; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.
Matthew 24:49	And shall begin to smite his fellowservants, and to eat and drink with the drunken;
Matthew 25:8	And the foolish said unto the wise, Give us of your oil; for our lamps are gone out.
Matthew 25:18	But he that had received one went and digged in the earth, and hid his lord's money.
Matthew 25:28	Take therefore the talent from him, and give it unto him which hath ten talents.
Matthew 25:38	When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and clothed thee?
Matthew 26:2	Ye know that after two days is the feast of the passover, and the Son of man is betrayed to be crucified.
Matthew 26:12	For in that she hath poured this ointment on my body, she did it for my burial.
Matthew 26:22	And they were exceeding sorrowful, and began every one of them to say unto him, Lord, is it I?
Matthew 26:32	But after I am risen again, I will go before you into Galilee.
Matthew 26:42	He went away again the second time, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if this cup may not pass away from me, except I drink it, thy will be done.
Matthew 26:52	Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword.
Matthew 26:62	And the high priest arose, and said unto him, Answerest thou nothing? what is it which these witness against thee?
Matthew 26:72	And again he denied with an oath, I do not know the man.
Matthew 27:7	And they took counsel, and bought with them the potter's field, to bury strangers in.
Matthew 27:17	Therefore when they were gathered together, Pilate said unto them, Whom will ye that I release unto you? Barabbas, or Jesus which is called Christ?
Matthew 27:27	Then the soldiers of the governor took Jesus into the common hall, and gathered unto him the whole band of soldiers.
Matthew 27:37	And set up over his head his accusation written, THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Matthew 27:47	Some of them that stood there, when they heard that, said, This man calleth for Elias.
Matthew 27:57	When the even was come, there came a rich man of Arimathaea, named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus' disciple:
Matthew 28:1	In the end of the sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the sepulchre.
Matthew 28:11	Now when they were going, behold, some of the watch came into the city, and shewed unto the chief priests all the things that were done.
Mark 1:1	The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the Son of God;
Mark 1:11	And there came a voice from heaven, saying, Thou art my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.
Mark 1:21	And they went into Capernaum; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered into the synagogue, and taught.
Mark 1:31	And he came and took her by the hand, and lifted her up; and immediately the fever left her, and she ministered unto them.
Mark 1:41	And Jesus, moved with compassion, put forth his hand, and touched him, and saith unto him, I will; be thou clean.
Mark 2:6	But there was certain of the scribes sitting there, and reasoning in their hearts,
Mark 2:16	And when the scribes and Pharisees saw him eat with publicans and sinners, they said unto his disciples, How is it that he eateth and drinketh with publicans and sinners?
Mark 2:26	How he went into the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest, and did eat the shewbread, which is not lawful to eat but for the priests, and gave also to them which were with him?
Mark 3:8	And from Jerusalem, and from Idumaea, and from beyond Jordan; and they about Tyre and Sidon, a great multitude, when they had heard what great things he did, came unto him.
Mark 3:18	And Andrew, and Philip, and Bartholomew, and Matthew, and Thomas, and James the son of Alphaeus, and Thaddaeus, and Simon the Canaanite,
Mark 3:28	Verily I say unto you, All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men, and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme:
Mark 4:3	Hearken; Behold, there went out a sower to sow:
Mark 4:13	And he said unto them, Know ye not this parable? and how then will ye know all parables?
Mark 4:23	If any man have ears to hear, let him hear.
Mark 4:33	And with many such parables spake he the word unto them, as they were able to hear it.
Mark 5:2	And when he was come out of the ship, immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit,
Mark 5:12	And all the devils besought him, saying, Send us into the swine, that we may enter into them.
Mark 5:22	And, behold, there cometh one of the rulers of the synagogue, Jairus by name; and when he saw him, he fell at his feet,
Mark 5:32	And he looked round about to see her that had done this thing.
Mark 5:42	And straightway the damsel arose, and walked; for she was of the age of twelve years. And they were astonished with a great astonishment.
Mark 6:9	But be shod with sandals; and not put on two coats.
Mark 6:19	Therefore Herodias had a quarrel against him, and would have killed him; but she could not:
Mark 6:29	And when his disciples heard of it, they came and took up his corpse, and laid it in a tomb.
Mark 6:39	And he commanded them to make all sit down by companies upon the green grass.
Mark 6:49	But when they saw him walking upon the sea, they supposed it had been a spirit, and cried out:
Mark 7:3	For the Pharisees, and all the Jews, except they wash their hands oft, eat not, holding the tradition of the elders.
Mark 7:13	Making the word of God of none effect through your tradition, which ye have delivered: and many such like things do ye.
Mark 7:23	All these evil things come from within, and defile the man.
Mark 7:33	And he took him aside from the multitude, and put his fingers into his ears, and he spit, and touched his tongue;
Mark 8:6	And he commanded the people to sit down on the ground: and he took the seven loaves, and gave thanks, and brake, and gave to his disciples to set before them; and they did set them before the people.
Mark 8:16	And they reasoned among themselves, saying, It is because we have no bread.
Mark 8:26	And he sent him away to his house, saying, Neither go into the town, nor tell it to any in the town.
Mark 8:36	For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?
Mark 9:8	And suddenly, when they had looked round about, they saw no man any more, save Jesus only with themselves.
Mark 9:18	And wheresoever he taketh him, he teareth him: and he foameth, and gnasheth with his teeth, and pineth away: and I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out; and they could not.
Mark 9:28	And when he was come into the house, his disciples asked him privately, Why could not we cast him out?
Mark 9:38	And John answered him, saying, Master, we saw one casting out devils in thy name, and he followeth not us: and we forbad him, because he followeth not us.
Mark 9:48	Where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched.
Mark 10:8	And they twain shall be one flesh: so then they are no more twain, but one flesh.
Mark 10:18	And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God.
Mark 10:28	Then Peter began to say unto him, Lo, we have left all, and have followed thee.
Mark 10:38	But Jesus said unto them, Ye know not what ye ask: can ye drink of the cup that I drink of? and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with?
Mark 10:48	And many charged him that he should hold his peace: but he cried the more a great deal, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.
Mark 11:6	And they said unto them even as Jesus had commanded: and they let them go.
Mark 11:16	And would not suffer that any man should carry any vessel through the temple.
Mark 11:26	But if ye do not forgive, neither will your Father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses.
Mark 12:3	And they caught him, and beat him, and sent him away empty.
Mark 12:13	And they send unto him certain of the Pharisees and of the Herodians, to catch him in his words.
Mark 12:23	In the resurrection therefore, when they shall rise, whose wife shall she be of them? for the seven had her to wife.
Mark 12:33	And to love him with all the heart, and with all the understanding, and with all the soul, and with all the strength, and to love his neighbour as himself, is more than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices.
Mark 12:43	And he called unto him his disciples, and saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That this poor widow hath cast more in, than all they which have cast into the treasury:
Mark 13:9	But take heed to yourselves: for they shall deliver you up to councils; and in the synagogues ye shall be beaten: and ye shall be brought before rulers and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them.
Mark 13:19	For in those days shall be affliction, such as was not from the beginning of the creation which God created unto this time, neither shall be.
Mark 13:29	So ye in like manner, when ye shall see these things come to pass, know that it is nigh, even at the doors.
Mark 14:2	But they said, Not on the feast day, lest there be an uproar of the people.
Mark 14:12	And the first day of unleavened bread, when they killed the passover, his disciples said unto him, Where wilt thou that we go and prepare that thou mayest eat the passover?
Mark 14:22	And as they did eat, Jesus took bread, and blessed, and brake it, and gave to them, and said, Take, eat: this is my body.
Mark 14:32	And they came to a place which was named Gethsemane: and he saith to his disciples, Sit ye here, while I shall pray.
Mark 14:42	Rise up, let us go; lo, he that betrayeth me is at hand.
Mark 14:52	And he left the linen cloth, and fled from them naked.
Mark 14:62	And Jesus said, I am: and ye shall see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven.
Mark 14:72	And the second time the cock crew. And Peter called to mind the word that Jesus said unto him, Before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny me thrice. And when he thought thereon, he wept.
Mark 15:10	For he knew that the chief priests had delivered him for envy.
Mark 15:20	And when they had mocked him, they took off the purple from him, and put his own clothes on him, and led him out to crucify him.
Mark 15:30	Save thyself, and come down from the cross.
Mark 15:40	There were also women looking on afar off: among whom was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James the less and of Joses, and Salome;
Mark 16:3	And they said among themselves, Who shall roll us away the stone from the door of the sepulchre?
Mark 16:13	And they went and told it unto the residue: neither believed they them.
Luke 1:3	It seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding of all things from the very first, to write unto thee in order, most excellent Theophilus,
Luke 1:13	But the angel said unto him, Fear not, Zacharias: for thy prayer is heard; and thy wife Elisabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name John.
Luke 1:23	And it came to pass, that, as soon as the days of his ministration were accomplished, he departed to his own house.
Luke 1:33	And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end.
Luke 1:43	And whence is this to me, that the mother of my Lord should come to me?
Luke 1:53	He hath filled the hungry with good things; and the rich he hath sent empty away.
Luke 1:63	And he asked for a writing table, and wrote, saying, His name is John. And they marvelled all.
Luke 1:73	The oath which he sware to our father Abraham,
Luke 2:3	And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city.
Luke 2:13	And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying,
Luke 2:23	(As it is written in the law of the LORD, Every male that openeth the womb shall be called holy to the Lord;)
Luke 2:33	And Joseph and his mother marvelled at those things which were spoken of him.
Luke 2:43	And when they had fulfilled the days, as they returned, the child Jesus tarried behind in Jerusalem; and Joseph and his mother knew not of it.
Luke 3:1	Now in the fifteenth year of the reign of Tiberius Caesar, Pontius Pilate being governor of Judaea, and Herod being tetrarch of Galilee, and his brother Philip tetrarch of Ituraea and of the region of Trachonitis, and Lysanias the tetrarch of Abilene,
Luke 3:11	He answereth and saith unto them, He that hath two coats, let him impart to him that hath none; and he that hath meat, let him do likewise.
Luke 3:21	Now when all the people were baptized, it came to pass, that Jesus also being baptized, and praying, the heaven was opened,
Luke 3:31	Which was the son of Melea, which was the son of Menan, which was the son of Mattatha, which was the son of Nathan, which was the son of David,
Luke 4:3	And the devil said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, command this stone that it be made bread.
Luke 4:13	And when the devil had ended all the temptation, he departed from him for a season.
Luke 4:23	And he said unto them, Ye will surely say unto me this proverb, Physician, heal thyself: whatsoever we have heard done in Capernaum, do also here in thy country.
Luke 4:33	And in the synagogue there was a man, which had a spirit of an unclean devil, and cried out with a loud voice,
Luke 4:43	And he said unto them, I must preach the kingdom of God to other cities also: for therefore am I sent.
Luke 5:9	For he was astonished, and all that were with him, at the draught of the fishes which they had taken:
Luke 5:19	And when they could not find by what way they might bring him in because of the multitude, they went upon the housetop, and let him down through the tiling with his couch into the midst before Jesus.
Luke 5:29	And Levi made him a great feast in his own house: and there was a great company of publicans and of others that sat down with them.
Luke 5:39	No man also having drunk old wine straightway desireth new: for he saith, The old is better.
Luke 6:10	And looking round about upon them all, he said unto the man, Stretch forth thy hand. And he did so: and his hand was restored whole as the other.
Luke 6:20	And he lifted up his eyes on his disciples, and said, Blessed be ye poor: for yours is the kingdom of God.
Luke 6:30	Give to every man that asketh of thee; and of him that taketh away thy goods ask them not again.
Luke 6:40	The disciple is not above his master: but every one that is perfect shall be as his master.
Luke 7:1	Now when he had ended all his sayings in the audience of the people, he entered into Capernaum.
Luke 7:11	And it came to pass the day after, that he went into a city called Nain; and many of his disciples went with him, and much people.
Luke 7:21	And in that same hour he cured many of their infirmities and plagues, and of evil spirits; and unto many that were blind he gave sight.
Luke 7:31	And the Lord said, Whereunto then shall I liken the men of this generation? and to what are they like?
Luke 7:41	There was a certain creditor which had two debtors: the one owed five hundred pence, and the other fifty.
Luke 8:1	And it came to pass afterward, that he went throughout every city and village, preaching and shewing the glad tidings of the kingdom of God: and the twelve were with him,
Luke 8:11	Now the parable is this: The seed is the word of God.
Luke 8:21	And he answered and said unto them, My mother and my brethren are these which hear the word of God, and do it.
Luke 8:31	And they besought him that he would not command them to go out into the deep.
Luke 8:41	And, behold, there came a man named Jairus, and he was a ruler of the synagogue: and he fell down at Jesus' feet, and besought him that he would come into his house:
Luke 8:51	And when he came into the house, he suffered no man to go in, save Peter, and James, and John, and the father and the mother of the maiden.
Luke 9:5	And whosoever will not receive you, when ye go out of that city, shake off the very dust from your feet for a testimony against them.
Luke 9:15	And they did so, and made them all sit down.
Luke 9:25	For what is a man advantaged, if he gain the whole world, and lose himself, or be cast away?
Luke 9:35	And there came a voice out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.
Luke 9:45	But they understood not this saying, and it was hid from them, that they perceived it not: and they feared to ask him of that saying.
Luke 9:55	But he turned, and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of.
Luke 10:3	Go your ways: behold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves.
Luke 10:13	Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works had been done in Tyre and Sidon, which have been done in you, they had a great while ago repented, sitting in sackcloth and ashes.
Luke 10:23	And he turned him unto his disciples, and said privately, Blessed are the eyes which see the things that ye see:
Luke 10:33	But a certain Samaritan, as he journeyed, came where he was: and when he saw him, he had compassion on him,
Luke 11:1	And it came to pass, that, as he was praying in a certain place, when he ceased, one of his disciples said unto him, Lord, teach us to pray, as John also taught his disciples.
Luke 11:11	If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone? or if he ask a fish, will he for a fish give him a serpent?
Luke 11:21	When a strong man armed keepeth his palace, his goods are in peace:
Luke 11:31	The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation, and condemn them: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.
Luke 11:41	But rather give alms of such things as ye have; and, behold, all things are clean unto you.
Luke 11:51	From the blood of Abel unto the blood of Zacharias which perished between the altar and the temple: verily I say unto you, It shall be required of this generation.
Luke 12:7	But even the very hairs of your head are all numbered. Fear not therefore: ye are of more value than many sparrows.
Luke 12:17	And he thought within himself, saying, What shall I do, because I have no room where to bestow my fruits?
Luke 12:27	Consider the lilies how they grow: they toil not, they spin not; and yet I say unto you, that Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.
Luke 12:37	Blessed are those servants, whom the lord when he cometh shall find watching: verily I say unto you, that he shall gird himself, and make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them.
Luke 12:47	And that servant, which knew his lord's will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes.
Luke 12:57	Yea, and why even of yourselves judge ye not what is right?
Luke 13:8	And he answering said unto him, Lord, let it alone this year also, till I shall dig about it, and dung it:
Luke 13:18	Then said he, Unto what is the kingdom of God like? and whereunto shall I resemble it?
Luke 13:28	There shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth, when ye shall see Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, and all the prophets, in the kingdom of God, and you yourselves thrust out.
Luke 14:3	And Jesus answering spake unto the lawyers and Pharisees, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day?
Luke 14:13	But when thou makest a feast, call the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind:
Luke 14:23	And the lord said unto the servant, Go out into the highways and hedges, and compel them to come in, that my house may be filled.
Luke 14:33	So likewise, whosoever he be of you that forsaketh not all that he hath, he cannot be my disciple.
Luke 15:8	Either what woman having ten pieces of silver, if she lose one piece, doth not light a candle, and sweep the house, and seek diligently till she find it?
Luke 15:18	I will arise and go to my father, and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and before thee,
Luke 15:28	And he was angry, and would not go in: therefore came his father out, and intreated him.
Luke 16:6	And he said, An hundred measures of oil. And he said unto him, Take thy bill, and sit down quickly, and write fifty.
Luke 16:16	The law and the prophets were until John: since that time the kingdom of God is preached, and every man presseth into it.
Luke 16:26	And beside all this, between us and you there is a great gulf fixed: so that they which would pass from hence to you cannot; neither can they pass to us, that would come from thence.
Luke 17:5	And the apostles said unto the Lord, Increase our faith.
Luke 17:15	And one of them, when he saw that he was healed, turned back, and with a loud voice glorified God,
Luke 17:25	But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation.
Luke 17:35	Two women shall be grinding together; the one shall be taken, and the other left.
Luke 18:8	I tell you that he will avenge them speedily. Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth?
Luke 18:18	And a certain ruler asked him, saying, Good Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
Luke 18:28	Then Peter said, Lo, we have left all, and followed thee.
Luke 18:38	And he cried, saying, Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me.
Luke 19:5	And when Jesus came to the place, he looked up, and saw him, and said unto him, Zacchaeus, make haste, and come down; for to day I must abide at thy house.
Luke 19:15	And it came to pass, that when he was returned, having received the kingdom, then he commanded these servants to be called unto him, to whom he had given the money, that he might know how much every man had gained by trading.
Luke 19:25	(And they said unto him, Lord, he hath ten pounds.)
Luke 19:35	And they brought him to Jesus: and they cast their garments upon the colt, and they set Jesus thereon.
Luke 19:45	And he went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold therein, and them that bought;
Luke 20:7	And they answered, that they could not tell whence it was.
Luke 20:17	And he beheld them, and said, What is this then that is written, The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner?
Luke 20:27	Then came to him certain of the Sadducees, which deny that there is any resurrection; and they asked him,
Luke 20:37	Now that the dead are raised, even Moses shewed at the bush, when he calleth the Lord the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob.
Luke 20:47	Which devour widows' houses, and for a shew make long prayers: the same shall receive greater damnation.
Luke 21:10	Then said he unto them, Nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom:
Luke 21:20	And when ye shall see Jerusalem compassed with armies, then know that the desolation thereof is nigh.
Luke 21:30	When they now shoot forth, ye see and know of your own selves that summer is now nigh at hand.
Luke 22:2	And the chief priests and scribes sought how they might kill him; for they feared the people.
Luke 22:12	And he shall shew you a large upper room furnished: there make ready.
Luke 22:22	And truly the Son of man goeth, as it was determined: but woe unto that man by whom he is betrayed!
Luke 22:32	But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not: and when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren.
Luke 22:42	Saying, Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me: nevertheless not my will, but thine, be done.
Luke 22:52	Then Jesus said unto the chief priests, and captains of the temple, and the elders, which were come to him, Be ye come out, as against a thief, with swords and staves?
Luke 22:62	And Peter went out, and wept bitterly.
Luke 23:1	And the whole multitude of them arose, and led him unto Pilate.
Luke 23:11	And Herod with his men of war set him at nought, and mocked him, and arrayed him in a gorgeous robe, and sent him again to Pilate.
Luke 23:21	But they cried, saying, Crucify him, crucify him.
Luke 23:31	For if they do these things in a green tree, what shall be done in the dry?
Luke 23:41	And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward of our deeds: but this man hath done nothing amiss.
Luke 23:51	(The same had not consented to the counsel and deed of them;) he was of Arimathaea, a city of the Jews: who also himself waited for the kingdom of God.
Luke 24:5	And as they were afraid, and bowed down their faces to the earth, they said unto them, Why seek ye the living among the dead?
Luke 24:15	And it came to pass, that, while they communed together and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near, and went with them.
Luke 24:25	Then he said unto them, O fools, and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken:
Luke 24:35	And they told what things were done in the way, and how he was known of them in breaking of bread.
Luke 24:45	Then opened he their understanding, that they might understand the scriptures,
John 1:2	The same was in the beginning with God.
John 1:12	But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:
John 1:22	Then said they unto him, Who art thou? that we may give an answer to them that sent us. What sayest thou of thyself?
John 1:32	And John bare record, saying, I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a dove, and it abode upon him.
John 1:42	And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jona: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone.
John 2:1	And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee; and the mother of Jesus was there:
John 2:11	This beginning of miracles did Jesus in Cana of Galilee, and manifested forth his glory; and his disciples believed on him.
John 2:21	But he spake of the temple of his body.
John 3:6	That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
John 3:16	For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
John 3:26	And they came unto John, and said unto him, Rabbi, he that was with thee beyond Jordan, to whom thou barest witness, behold, the same baptizeth, and all men come to him.
John 3:36	He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him.
John 4:10	Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.
John 4:20	Our fathers worshipped in this mountain; and ye say, that in Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship.
John 4:30	Then they went out of the city, and came unto him.
John 4:40	So when the Samaritans were come unto him, they besought him that he would tarry with them: and he abode there two days.
John 4:50	Jesus saith unto him, Go thy way; thy son liveth. And the man believed the word that Jesus had spoken unto him, and he went his way.
John 5:6	When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole?
John 5:16	And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the sabbath day.
John 5:26	For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he given to the Son to have life in himself;
John 5:36	But I have greater witness than that of John: for the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do, bear witness of me, that the Father hath sent me.
John 5:46	For had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed me; for he wrote of me.
John 6:9	There is a lad here, which hath five barley loaves, and two small fishes: but what are they among so many?
John 6:19	So when they had rowed about five and twenty or thirty furlongs, they see Jesus walking on the sea, and drawing nigh unto the ship: and they were afraid.
John 6:29	Jesus answered and said unto them, This is the work of God, that ye believe on him whom he hath sent.
John 6:39	And this is the Father's will which hath sent me, that of all which he hath given me I should lose nothing, but should raise it up again at the last day.
John 6:49	Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness, and are dead.
John 6:59	These things said he in the synagogue, as he taught in Capernaum.
John 6:69	And we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ, the Son of the living God.
John 7:8	Go ye up unto this feast: I go not up yet unto this feast: for my time is not yet full come.
John 7:18	He that speaketh of himself seeketh his own glory: but he that seeketh his glory that sent him, the same is true, and no unrighteousness is in him.
John 7:28	Then cried Jesus in the temple as he taught, saying, Ye both know me, and ye know whence I am: and I am not come of myself, but he that sent me is true, whom ye know not.
John 7:38	He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water.
John 7:48	Have any of the rulers or of the Pharisees believed on him?
John 8:5	Now Moses in the law commanded us, that such should be stoned: but what sayest thou?
John 8:15	Ye judge after the flesh; I judge no man.
John 8:25	Then said they unto him, Who art thou? And Jesus saith unto them, Even the same that I said unto you from the beginning.
John 8:35	And the servant abideth not in the house for ever: but the Son abideth ever.
John 8:45	And because I tell you the truth, ye believe me not.
John 8:55	Yet ye have not known him; but I know him: and if I should say, I know him not, I shall be a liar like unto you: but I know him, and keep his saying.
John 9:6	When he had thus spoken, he spat on the ground, and made clay of the spittle, and he anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay,
John 9:16	Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the sabbath day. Others said, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And there was a division among them.
John 9:26	Then said they to him again, What did he to thee? how opened he thine eyes?
John 9:36	He answered and said, Who is he, Lord, that I might believe on him?
John 10:5	And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him: for they know not the voice of strangers.
John 10:15	As the Father knoweth me, even so know I the Father: and I lay down my life for the sheep.
John 10:25	Jesus answered them, I told you, and ye believed not: the works that I do in my Father's name, they bear witness of me.
John 10:35	If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the scripture cannot be broken;
John 11:3	Therefore his sisters sent unto him, saying, Lord, behold, he whom thou lovest is sick.
John 11:13	Howbeit Jesus spake of his death: but they thought that he had spoken of taking of rest in sleep.
John 11:23	Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother shall rise again.
John 11:33	When Jesus therefore saw her weeping, and the Jews also weeping which came with her, he groaned in the spirit, and was troubled.
John 11:43	And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth.
John 11:53	Then from that day forth they took counsel together for to put him to death.
John 12:6	This he said, not that he cared for the poor; but because he was a thief, and had the bag, and bare what was put therein.
John 12:16	These things understood not his disciples at the first: but when Jesus was glorified, then remembered they that these things were written of him, and that they had done these things unto him.
John 12:26	If any man serve me, let him follow me; and where I am, there shall also my servant be: if any man serve me, him will my Father honour.
John 12:36	While ye have light, believe in the light, that ye may be the children of light. These things spake Jesus, and departed, and did hide himself from them.
John 12:46	I am come a light into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness.
John 13:6	Then cometh he to Simon Peter: and Peter saith unto him, Lord, dost thou wash my feet?
John 13:16	Verily, verily, I say unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him.
John 13:26	Jesus answered, He it is, to whom I shall give a sop, when I have dipped it. And when he had dipped the sop, he gave it to Judas Iscariot, the son of Simon.
John 13:36	Simon Peter said unto him, Lord, whither goest thou? Jesus answered him, Whither I go, thou canst not follow me now; but thou shalt follow me afterwards.
John 14:8	Philip saith unto him, Lord, shew us the Father, and it sufficeth us.
John 14:18	I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you.
John 14:28	Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I.
John 15:7	If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you.
John 15:17	These things I command you, that ye love one another.
John 15:27	And ye also shall bear witness, because ye have been with me from the beginning.
John 16:10	Of righteousness, because I go to my Father, and ye see me no more;
John 16:20	Verily, verily, I say unto you, That ye shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice: and ye shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow shall be turned into joy.
John 16:30	Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God.
John 17:7	Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are of thee.
John 17:17	Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth.
John 18:1	When Jesus had spoken these words, he went forth with his disciples over the brook Cedron, where was a garden, into the which he entered, and his disciples.
John 18:11	Then said Jesus unto Peter, Put up thy sword into the sheath: the cup which my Father hath given me, shall I not drink it?
John 18:21	Why askest thou me? ask them which heard me, what I have said unto them: behold, they know what I said.
John 18:31	Then said Pilate unto them, Take ye him, and judge him according to your law. The Jews therefore said unto him, It is not lawful for us to put any man to death:
John 19:1	Then Pilate therefore took Jesus, and scourged him.
John 19:11	Jesus answered, Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above: therefore he that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin.
John 19:21	Then said the chief priests of the Jews to Pilate, Write not, The King of the Jews; but that he said, I am King of the Jews.
John 19:31	The Jews therefore, because it was the preparation, that the bodies should not remain upon the cross on the sabbath day, (for that sabbath day was an high day,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broken, and that they might be taken away.
John 19:41	Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden; and in the garden a new sepulchre, wherein was never man yet laid.
John 20:9	For as yet they knew not the scripture, that he must rise again from the dead.
John 20:19	Then the same day at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the midst, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you.
John 20:29	Jesus saith unto him, Thomas, because thou hast seen me, thou hast believed: blessed are they that have not seen, and yet have believed.
John 21:8	And the other disciples came in a little ship; (for they were not far from land, but as it were two hundred cubits,) dragging the net with fishes.
John 21:18	Verily, verily, I say unto thee, When thou wast young, thou girdest thyself, and walkedst whither thou wouldest: but when thou shalt be old, thou shalt stretch forth thy hands, and another shall gird thee, and carry thee whither thou wouldest not.
Acts 1:3	To whom also he shewed himself alive after his passion by many infallible proofs, being seen of them forty days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God:
Acts 1:13	And when they were come in, they went up into an upper room, where abode both Peter, and James, and John, and Andrew, Philip, and Thomas, Bartholomew, and Matthew, James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon Zelotes, and Judas the brother of James.
Acts 1:23	And they appointed two, Joseph called Barsabas, who was surnamed Justus, and Matthias.
Acts 2:7	And they were all amazed and marvelled, saying one to another, Behold, are not all these which speak Galilaeans?
Acts 2:17	And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams:
Acts 2:27	Because thou wilt not leave my soul in hell, neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.
Acts 2:37	Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do?
Acts 2:47	Praising God, and having favour with all the people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved.
Acts 3:10	And they knew that it was he which sat for alms at the Beautiful gate of the temple: and they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which had happened unto him.
Acts 3:20	And he shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you:
Acts 4:4	Howbeit many of them which heard the word believed; and the number of the men was about five thousand.
Acts 4:14	And beholding the man which was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it.
Acts 4:24	And when they heard that, they lifted up their voice to God with one accord, and said, Lord, thou art God, which hast made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all that in them is:
Acts 4:34	Neither was there any among them that lacked: for as many as were possessors of lands or houses sold them, and brought the prices of the things that were sold,
Acts 5:7	And it was about the space of three hours after, when his wife, not knowing what was done, came in.
Acts 5:17	Then the high priest rose up, and all they that were with him, (which is the sect of the Sadducees,) and were filled with indignation,
Acts 5:27	And when they had brought them, they set them before the council: and the high priest asked them,
Acts 5:37	After this man rose up Judas of Galilee in the days of the taxing, and drew away much people after him: he also perished; and all, even as many as obeyed him, were dispersed.
Acts 6:5	And the saying pleased the whole multitude: and they chose Stephen, a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, and Philip, and Prochorus, and Nicanor, and Timon, and Parmenas, and Nicolas a proselyte of Antioch:
Acts 6:15	And all that sat in the council, looking stedfastly on him, saw his face as it had been the face of an angel.
Acts 7:10	And delivered him out of all his afflictions, and gave him favour and wisdom in the sight of Pharaoh king of Egypt; and he made him governor over Egypt and all his house.
Acts 7:20	In which time Moses was born, and was exceeding fair, and nourished up in his father's house three months:
Acts 7:30	And when forty years were expired, there appeared to him in the wilderness of mount Sina an angel of the Lord in a flame of fire in a bush.
Acts 7:40	Saying unto Aaron, Make us gods to go before us: for as for this Moses, which brought us out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him.
Acts 7:50	Hath not my hand made all these things?
Acts 7:60	And he kneeled down, and cried with a loud voice, Lord, lay not this sin to their charge. And when he had said this, he fell asleep.
Acts 8:10	To whom they all gave heed, from the least to the greatest, saying, This man is the great power of God.
Acts 8:20	But Peter said unto him, Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money.
Acts 8:30	And Philip ran thither to him, and heard him read the prophet Esaias, and said, Understandest thou what thou readest?
Acts 8:40	But Philip was found at Azotus: and passing through he preached in all the cities, till he came to Caesarea.
Acts 9:10	And there was a certain disciple at Damascus, named Ananias; and to him said the Lord in a vision, Ananias. And he said, Behold, I am here, Lord.
Acts 9:20	And straightway he preached Christ in the synagogues, that he is the Son of God.
Acts 9:30	Which when the brethren knew, they brought him down to Caesarea, and sent him forth to Tarsus.
Acts 9:40	But Peter put them all forth, and kneeled down, and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha, arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw Peter, she sat up.
Acts 10:7	And when the angel which spake unto Cornelius was departed, he called two of his household servants, and a devout soldier of them that waited on him continually;
Acts 10:17	Now while Peter doubted in himself what this vision which he had seen should mean, behold, the men which were sent from Cornelius had made enquiry for Simon's house, and stood before the gate,
Acts 10:27	And as he talked with him, he went in, and found many that were come together.
Acts 10:37	That word, I say, ye know, which was published throughout all Judaea, and began from Galilee, after the baptism which John preached;
Acts 10:47	Can any man forbid water, that these should not be baptized, which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we?
Acts 11:9	But the voice answered me again from heaven, What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common.
Acts 11:19	Now they which were scattered abroad upon the persecution that arose about Stephen travelled as far as Phenice, and Cyprus, and Antioch, preaching the word to none but unto the Jews only.
Acts 11:29	Then the disciples, every man according to his ability, determined to send relief unto the brethren which dwelt in Judaea:
Acts 12:9	And he went out, and followed him; and wist not that it was true which was done by the angel; but thought he saw a vision.
Acts 12:19	And when Herod had sought for him, and found him not, he examined the keepers, and commanded that they should be put to death. And he went down from Judaea to Caesarea, and there abode.
Acts 13:4	So they, being sent forth by the Holy Ghost, departed unto Seleucia; and from thence they sailed to Cyprus.
Acts 13:14	But when they departed from Perga, they came to Antioch in Pisidia, and went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and sat down.
Acts 13:24	When John had first preached before his coming the baptism of repentance to all the people of Israel.
Acts 13:34	And as concerning that he raised him up from the dead, now no more to return to corruption, he said on this wise, I will give you the sure mercies of David.
Acts 13:44	And the next sabbath day came almost the whole city together to hear the word of God.
Acts 14:2	But the unbelieving Jews stirred up the Gentiles, and made their minds evil affected against the brethren.
Acts 14:12	And they called Barnabas, Jupiter; and Paul, Mercurius, because he was the chief speaker.
Acts 14:22	Confirming the souls of the disciples, and exhorting them to continue in the faith, and that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God.
Acts 15:4	And when they were come to Jerusalem, they were received of the church, and of the apostles and elders, and they declared all things that God had done with them.
Acts 15:14	Simeon hath declared how God at the first did visit the Gentiles, to take out of them a people for his name.
Acts 15:24	Forasmuch as we have heard, that certain which went out from us have troubled you with words, subverting your souls, saying, Ye must be circumcised, and keep the law: to whom we gave no such commandment:
Acts 15:34	Notwithstanding it pleased Silas to abide there still.
Acts 16:3	Him would Paul have to go forth with him; and took and circumcised him because of the Jews which were in those quarters: for they knew all that his father was a Greek.
Acts 16:13	And on the sabbath we went out of the city by a river side, where prayer was wont to be made; and we sat down, and spake unto the women which resorted thither.
Acts 16:23	And when they had laid many stripes upon them, they cast them into prison, charging the jailor to keep them safely:
Acts 16:33	And he took them the same hour of the night, and washed their stripes; and was baptized, he and all his, straightway.
Acts 17:3	Opening and alleging, that Christ must needs have suffered, and risen again from the dead; and that this Jesus, whom I preach unto you, is Christ.
Acts 17:13	But when the Jews of Thessalonica had knowledge that the word of God was preached of Paul at Berea, they came thither also, and stirred up the people.
Acts 17:23	For as I passed by, and beheld your devotions, I found an altar with this inscription, TO THE UNKNOWN GOD. Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you.
Acts 17:33	So Paul departed from among them.
Acts 18:9	Then spake the Lord to Paul in the night by a vision, Be not afraid, but speak, and hold not thy peace:
Acts 18:19	And he came to Ephesus, and left them there: but he himself entered into the synagogue, and reasoned with the Jews.
Acts 19:1	And it came to pass, that, while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coasts came to Ephesus: and finding certain disciples,
Acts 19:11	And God wrought special miracles by the hands of Paul:
Acts 19:21	After these things were ended, Paul purposed in the spirit, when he had passed through Macedonia and Achaia, to go to Jerusalem, saying, After I have been there, I must also see Rome.
Acts 19:31	And certain of the chief of Asia, which were his friends, sent unto him, desiring him that he would not adventure himself into the theatre.
Acts 19:41	And when he had thus spoken, he dismissed the assembly.
Acts 20:10	And Paul went down, and fell on him, and embracing him said, Trouble not yourselves; for his life is in him.
Acts 20:20	And how I kept back nothing that was profitable unto you, but have shewed you, and have taught you publickly, and from house to house,
Acts 20:30	Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them.
Acts 21:2	And finding a ship sailing over unto Phenicia, we went aboard, and set forth.
Acts 21:12	And when we heard these things, both we, and they of that place, besought him not to go up to Jerusalem.
Acts 21:22	What is it therefore? the multitude must needs come together: for they will hear that thou art come.
Acts 21:32	Who immediately took soldiers and centurions, and ran down unto them: and when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers, they left beating of Paul.
Acts 22:2	(And when they heard that he spake in the Hebrew tongue to them, they kept the more silence: and he saith,)
Acts 22:12	And one Ananias, a devout man according to the law, having a good report of all the Jews which dwelt there,
Acts 22:22	And they gave him audience unto this word, and then lifted up their voices, and said, Away with such a fellow from the earth: for it is not fit that he should live.
Acts 23:2	And the high priest Ananias commanded them that stood by him to smite him on the mouth.
Acts 23:12	And when it was day, certain of the Jews banded together, and bound themselves under a curse, saying that they would neither eat nor drink till they had killed Paul.
Acts 23:22	So the chief captain then let the young man depart, and charged him, See thou tell no man that thou hast shewed these things to me.
Acts 23:32	On the morrow they left the horsemen to go with him, and returned to the castle:
Acts 24:7	But the chief captain Lysias came upon us, and with great violence took him away out of our hands,
Acts 24:17	Now after many years I came to bring alms to my nation, and offerings.
Acts 24:27	But after two years Porcius Festus came into Felix' room: and Felix, willing to shew the Jews a pleasure, left Paul bound.
Acts 25:10	Then said Paul, I stand at Caesar's judgment seat, where I ought to be judged: to the Jews have I done no wrong, as thou very well knowest.
Acts 25:20	And because I doubted of such manner of questions, I asked him whether he would go to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these matters.
Acts 26:3	Especially because I know thee to be expert in all customs and questions which are among the Jews: wherefore I beseech thee to hear me patiently.
Acts 26:13	At midday, O king, I saw in the way a light from heaven, above the brightness of the sun, shining round about me and them which journeyed with me.
Acts 26:23	That Christ should suffer, and that he should be the first that should rise from the dead, and should shew light unto the people, and to the Gentiles.
Acts 27:1	And when it was determined that we should sail into Italy, they delivered Paul and certain other prisoners unto one named Julius, a centurion of Augustus' band.
Acts 27:11	Nevertheless the centurion believed the master and the owner of the ship, more than those things which were spoken by Paul.
Acts 27:21	But after long abstinence Paul stood forth in the midst of them, and said, Sirs, ye should have hearkened unto me, and not have loosed from Crete, and to have gained this harm and loss.
Acts 27:31	Paul said to the centurion and to the soldiers, Except these abide in the ship, ye cannot be saved.
Acts 27:41	And falling into a place where two seas met, they ran the ship aground; and the forepart stuck fast, and remained unmoveable, but the hinder part was broken with the violence of the waves.
Acts 28:7	In the same quarters were possessions of the chief man of the island, whose name was Publius; who received us, and lodged us three days courteously.
Acts 28:17	And it came to pass, that after three days Paul called the chief of the Jews together: and when they were come together, he said unto them, Men and brethren, though I have committed nothing against the people, or customs of our fathers, yet was I delivered prisoner from Jerusalem into the hands of the Romans.
Acts 28:27	For the heart of this people is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes have they closed; lest they should see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them.
Romans 1:6	Among whom are ye also the called of Jesus Christ:
Romans 1:16	For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek.
Romans 1:26	For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:
Romans 2:4	Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuffering; not knowing that the goodness of God leadeth thee to repentance?
Romans 2:14	For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves:
Romans 2:24	For the name of God is blasphemed among the Gentiles through you, as it is written.
Romans 3:5	But if our unrighteousness commend the righteousness of God, what shall we say? Is God unrighteous who taketh vengeance? (I speak as a man)
Romans 3:15	Their feet are swift to shed blood:
Romans 3:25	Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God;
Romans 4:4	Now to him that worketh is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt.
Romans 4:14	For if they which are of the law be heirs, faith is made void, and the promise made of none effect:
Romans 4:24	But for us also, to whom it shall be imputed, if we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead;
Romans 5:9	Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him.
Romans 5:19	For as by one man's disobedience many were made sinners, so by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous.
Romans 6:8	Now if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him:
Romans 6:18	Being then made free from sin, ye became the servants of righteousness.
Romans 7:5	For when we were in the flesh, the motions of sins, which were by the law, did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death.
Romans 7:15	For that which I do I allow not: for what I would, that do I not; but what I hate, that do I.
Romans 7:25	I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God; but with the flesh the law of sin.
Romans 8:10	And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin; but the Spirit is life because of righteousness.
Romans 8:20	For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope,
Romans 8:30	Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified.
Romans 9:1	I say the truth in Christ, I lie not, my conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost,
Romans 9:11	(For the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth;)
Romans 9:21	Hath not the potter power over the clay, of the same lump to make one vessel unto honour, and another unto dishonour?
Romans 9:31	But Israel, which followed after the law of righteousness, hath not attained to the law of righteousness.
Romans 10:8	But what saith it? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart: that is, the word of faith, which we preach;
Romans 10:18	But I say, Have they not heard? Yes verily, their sound went into all the earth, and their words unto the ends of the world.
Romans 11:7	What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for; but the election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded.
Romans 11:17	And if some of the branches be broken off, and thou, being a wild olive tree, wert graffed in among them, and with them partakest of the root and fatness of the olive tree;
Romans 11:27	For this is my covenant unto them, when I shall take away their sins.
Romans 12:1	I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service.
Romans 12:11	Not slothful in business; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord;
Romans 12:21	Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good.
Romans 13:10	Love worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law.
Romans 14:6	He that regardeth the day, regardeth it unto the Lord; and he that regardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it. He that eateth, eateth to the Lord, for he giveth God thanks; and he that eateth not, to the Lord he eateth not, and giveth God thanks.
Romans 14:16	Let not then your good be evil spoken of:
Romans 15:3	For even Christ pleased not himself; but, as it is written, The reproaches of them that reproached thee fell on me.
Romans 15:13	Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost.
Romans 15:23	But now having no more place in these parts, and having a great desire these many years to come unto you;
Romans 15:33	Now the God of peace be with you all. Amen.
Romans 16:10	Salute Apelles approved in Christ. Salute them which are of Aristobulus' household.
Romans 16:20	And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
1 Corinthians 1:3	Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 1:13	Is Christ divided? was Paul crucified for you? or were ye baptized in the name of Paul?
1 Corinthians 1:23	But we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumblingblock, and unto the Greeks foolishness;
1 Corinthians 2:2	For I determined not to know any thing among you, save Jesus Christ, and him crucified.
1 Corinthians 2:12	Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God.
1 Corinthians 3:6	I have planted, Apollos watered; but God gave the increase.
1 Corinthians 3:16	Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?
1 Corinthians 4:3	But with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you, or of man's judgment: yea, I judge not mine own self.
1 Corinthians 4:13	Being defamed, we intreat: we are made as the filth of the world, and are the offscouring of all things unto this day.
1 Corinthians 5:2	And ye are puffed up, and have not rather mourned, that he that hath done this deed might be taken away from among you.
1 Corinthians 5:12	For what have I to do to judge them also that are without? do not ye judge them that are within?
1 Corinthians 6:9	Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind,
1 Corinthians 6:19	What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own?
1 Corinthians 7:9	But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than to burn.
1 Corinthians 7:19	Circumcision is nothing, and uncircumcision is nothing, but the keeping of the commandments of God.
1 Corinthians 7:29	But this I say, brethren, the time is short: it remaineth, that both they that have wives be as though they had none;
1 Corinthians 7:39	The wife is bound by the law as long as her husband liveth; but if her husband be dead, she is at liberty to be married to whom she will; only in the Lord.
1 Corinthians 8:9	But take heed lest by any means this liberty of your's become a stumblingblock to them that are weak.
1 Corinthians 9:6	Or I only and Barnabas, have not we power to forbear working?
1 Corinthians 9:16	For though I preach the gospel, I have nothing to glory of: for necessity is laid upon me; yea, woe is unto me, if I preach not the gospel!
1 Corinthians 9:26	I therefore so run, not as uncertainly; so fight I, not as one that beateth the air:
1 Corinthians 10:9	Neither let us tempt Christ, as some of them also tempted, and were destroyed of serpents.
1 Corinthians 10:19	What say I then? that the idol is any thing, or that which is offered in sacrifice to idols is any thing?
1 Corinthians 10:29	Conscience, I say, not thine own, but of the other: for why is my liberty judged of another man's conscience?
1 Corinthians 11:6	For if the woman be not covered, let her also be shorn: but if it be a shame for a woman to be shorn or shaven, let her be covered.
1 Corinthians 11:16	But if any man seem to be contentious, we have no such custom, neither the churches of God.
1 Corinthians 11:26	For as often as ye eat this bread, and drink this cup, ye do shew the Lord's death till he come.
1 Corinthians 12:2	Ye know that ye were Gentiles, carried away unto these dumb idols, even as ye were led.
1 Corinthians 12:12	For as the body is one, and hath many members, and all the members of that one body, being many, are one body: so also is Christ.
1 Corinthians 12:22	Nay, much more those members of the body, which seem to be more feeble, are necessary:
1 Corinthians 13:1	Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal.
1 Corinthians 13:11	When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I became a man, I put away childish things.
1 Corinthians 14:8	For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle?
1 Corinthians 14:18	I thank my God, I speak with tongues more than ye all:
1 Corinthians 14:28	But if there be no interpreter, let him keep silence in the church; and let him speak to himself, and to God.
1 Corinthians 14:38	But if any man be ignorant, let him be ignorant.
1 Corinthians 15:8	And last of all he was seen of me also, as of one born out of due time.
1 Corinthians 15:18	Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished.
1 Corinthians 15:28	And when all things shall be subdued unto him, then shall the Son also himself be subject unto him that put all things under him, that God may be all in all.
1 Corinthians 15:38	But God giveth it a body as it hath pleased him, and to every seed his own body.
1 Corinthians 15:48	As is the earthy, such are they also that are earthy: and as is the heavenly, such are they also that are heavenly.
1 Corinthians 15:58	Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmoveable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord.
1 Corinthians 16:10	Now if Timotheus come, see that he may be with you without fear: for he worketh the work of the Lord, as I also do.
1 Corinthians 16:20	All the brethren greet you. Greet ye one another with an holy kiss.
2 Corinthians 1:6	And whether we be afflicted, it is for your consolation and salvation, which is effectual in the enduring of the same sufferings which we also suffer: or whether we be comforted, it is for your consolation and salvation.
2 Corinthians 1:16	And to pass by you into Macedonia, and to come again out of Macedonia unto you, and of you to be brought on my way toward Judaea.
2 Corinthians 2:2	For if I make you sorry, who is he then that maketh me glad, but the same which is made sorry by me?
2 Corinthians 2:12	Furthermore, when I came to Troas to preach Christ's gospel, and a door was opened unto me of the Lord,
2 Corinthians 3:5	Not that we are sufficient of ourselves to think any thing as of ourselves; but our sufficiency is of God;
2 Corinthians 3:15	But even unto this day, when Moses is read, the vail is upon their heart.
2 Corinthians 4:7	But we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of God, and not of us.
2 Corinthians 4:17	For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory;
2 Corinthians 5:9	Wherefore we labour, that, whether present or absent, we may be accepted of him.
2 Corinthians 5:19	To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.
2 Corinthians 6:8	By honour and dishonour, by evil report and good report: as deceivers, and yet true;
2 Corinthians 6:18	And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty.
2 Corinthians 7:10	For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation not to be repented of: but the sorrow of the world worketh death.
2 Corinthians 8:4	Praying us with much intreaty that we would receive the gift, and take upon us the fellowship of the ministering to the saints.
2 Corinthians 8:14	But by an equality, that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your want: that there may be equality:
2 Corinthians 8:24	Wherefore shew ye to them, and before the churches, the proof of your love, and of our boasting on your behalf.
2 Corinthians 9:10	Now he that ministereth seed to the sower both minister bread for your food, and multiply your seed sown, and increase the fruits of your righteousness;)
2 Corinthians 10:5	Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ;
2 Corinthians 10:15	Not boasting of things without our measure, that is, of other men's labours; but having hope, when your faith is increased, that we shall be enlarged by you according to our rule abundantly,
2 Corinthians 11:7	Have I committed an offence in abasing myself that ye might be exalted, because I have preached to you the gospel of God freely?
2 Corinthians 11:17	That which I speak, I speak it not after the Lord, but as it were foolishly, in this confidence of boasting.
2 Corinthians 11:27	In weariness and painfulness, in watchings often, in hunger and thirst, in fastings often, in cold and nakedness.
2 Corinthians 12:4	How that he was caught up into paradise, and heard unspeakable words, which it is not lawful for a man to utter.
2 Corinthians 12:14	Behold, the third time I am ready to come to you; and I will not be burdensome to you: for I seek not your's but you: for the children ought not to lay up for the parents, but the parents for the children.
2 Corinthians 13:3	Since ye seek a proof of Christ speaking in me, which to you-ward is not weak, but is mighty in you.
2 Corinthians 13:13	All the saints salute you.
Galatians 1:9	As we said before, so say I now again, if any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed.
Galatians 1:19	But other of the apostles saw I none, save James the Lord's brother.
Galatians 2:5	To whom we gave place by subjection, no, not for an hour; that the truth of the gospel might continue with you.
Galatians 2:15	We who are Jews by nature, and not sinners of the Gentiles,
Galatians 3:4	Have ye suffered so many things in vain? if it be yet in vain.
Galatians 3:14	That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith.
Galatians 3:24	Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by faith.
Galatians 4:5	To redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons.
Galatians 4:15	Where is then the blessedness ye spake of? for I bear you record, that, if it had been possible, ye would have plucked out your own eyes, and have given them to me.
Galatians 4:25	For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia, and answereth to Jerusalem which now is, and is in bondage with her children.
Galatians 5:4	Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace.
Galatians 5:14	For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
Galatians 5:24	And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts.
Galatians 6:8	For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting.
Galatians 6:18	Brethren, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
Ephesians 1:10	That in the dispensation of the fulness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, and which are on earth; even in him:
Ephesians 1:20	Which he wrought in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places,
Ephesians 2:7	That in the ages to come he might shew the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus.
Ephesians 2:17	And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh.
Ephesians 3:5	Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit;
Ephesians 3:15	Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named,
Ephesians 4:4	There is one body, and one Spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling;
Ephesians 4:14	That we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive;
Ephesians 4:24	And that ye put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness.
Ephesians 5:2	And walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweetsmelling savour.
Ephesians 5:12	For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret.
Ephesians 5:22	Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the Lord.
Ephesians 5:32	This is a great mystery: but I speak concerning Christ and the church.
Ephesians 6:9	And, ye masters, do the same things unto them, forbearing threatening: knowing that your Master also is in heaven; neither is there respect of persons with him.
Ephesians 6:19	And for me, that utterance may be given unto me, that I may open my mouth boldly, to make known the mystery of the gospel,
Philippians 1:5	For your fellowship in the gospel from the first day until now;
Philippians 1:15	Some indeed preach Christ even of envy and strife; and some also of good will:
Philippians 1:25	And having this confidence, I know that I shall abide and continue with you all for your furtherance and joy of faith;
Philippians 2:5	Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:
Philippians 2:15	That ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world;
Philippians 2:25	Yet I supposed it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, and companion in labour, and fellowsoldier, but your messenger, and he that ministered to my wants.
Philippians 3:5	Circumcised the eighth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, an Hebrew of the Hebrews; as touching the law, a Pharisee;
Philippians 3:15	Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded: and if in any thing ye be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you.
Philippians 4:4	Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice.
Philippians 4:14	Notwithstanding ye have well done, that ye did communicate with my affliction.
Colossians 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timotheus our brother,
Colossians 1:11	Strengthened with all might, according to his glorious power, unto all patience and longsuffering with joyfulness;
Colossians 1:21	And you, that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled
Colossians 2:2	That their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and unto all riches of the full assurance of understanding, to the acknowledgement of the mystery of God, and of the Father, and of Christ;
Colossians 2:12	Buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God, who hath raised him from the dead.
Colossians 2:22	Which all are to perish with the using;) after the commandments and doctrines of men?
Colossians 3:9	Lie not one to another, seeing that ye have put off the old man with his deeds;
Colossians 3:19	Husbands, love your wives, and be not bitter against them.
Colossians 4:4	That I may make it manifest, as I ought to speak.
Colossians 4:14	Luke, the beloved physician, and Demas, greet you.
1 Thessalonians 1:6	And ye became followers of us, and of the Lord, having received the word in much affliction, with joy of the Holy Ghost.
1 Thessalonians 2:6	Nor of men sought we glory, neither of you, nor yet of others, when we might have been burdensome, as the apostles of Christ.
1 Thessalonians 2:16	Forbidding us to speak to the Gentiles that they might be saved, to fill up their sins alway: for the wrath is come upon them to the uttermost.
1 Thessalonians 3:6	But now when Timotheus came from you unto us, and brought us good tidings of your faith and charity, and that ye have good remembrance of us always, desiring greatly to see us, as we also to see you:
1 Thessalonians 4:3	For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that ye should abstain from fornication:
1 Thessalonians 4:13	But I would not have you to be ignorant, brethren, concerning them which are asleep, that ye sorrow not, even as others which have no hope.
1 Thessalonians 5:5	Ye are all the children of light, and the children of the day: we are not of the night, nor of darkness.
1 Thessalonians 5:15	See that none render evil for evil unto any man; but ever follow that which is good, both among yourselves, and to all men.
1 Thessalonians 5:25	Brethren, pray for us.
2 Thessalonians 1:7	And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels,
2 Thessalonians 2:5	Remember ye not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you these things?
2 Thessalonians 2:15	Therefore, brethren, stand fast, and hold the traditions which ye have been taught, whether by word, or our epistle.
2 Thessalonians 3:8	Neither did we eat any man's bread for nought; but wrought with labour and travail night and day, that we might not be chargeable to any of you:
2 Thessalonians 3:18	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
1 Timothy 1:10	For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves with mankind, for menstealers, for liars, for perjured persons, and if there be any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine;
1 Timothy 1:20	Of whom is Hymenaeus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that they may learn not to blaspheme.
1 Timothy 2:10	But (which becometh women professing godliness) with good works.
1 Timothy 3:5	(For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?)
1 Timothy 3:15	But if I tarry long, that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.
1 Timothy 4:9	This is a faithful saying and worthy of all acceptation.
1 Timothy 5:3	Honour widows that are widows indeed.
1 Timothy 5:13	And withal they learn to be idle, wandering about from house to house; and not only idle, but tattlers also and busybodies, speaking things which they ought not.
1 Timothy 5:23	Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach's sake and thine often infirmities.
1 Timothy 6:8	And having food and raiment let us be therewith content.
1 Timothy 6:18	That they do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate;
2 Timothy 1:7	For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.
2 Timothy 1:17	But, when he was in Rome, he sought me out very diligently, and found me.
2 Timothy 2:9	Wherein I suffer trouble, as an evil doer, even unto bonds; but the word of God is not bound.
2 Timothy 2:19	Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure, having this seal, The Lord knoweth them that are his. And, Let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity.
2 Timothy 3:3	Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,
2 Timothy 3:13	But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being deceived.
2 Timothy 4:6	For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand.
2 Timothy 4:16	At my first answer no man stood with me, but all men forsook me: I pray God that it may not be laid to their charge.
Titus 1:4	To Titus, mine own son after the common faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour.
Titus 1:14	Not giving heed to Jewish fables, and commandments of men, that turn from the truth.
Titus 2:8	Sound speech, that cannot be condemned; that he that is of the contrary part may be ashamed, having no evil thing to say of you.
Titus 3:3	For we ourselves also were sometimes foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving divers lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, hateful, and hating one another.
Titus 3:13	Bring Zenas the lawyer and Apollos on their journey diligently, that nothing be wanting unto them.
Philemon 1:8	Wherefore, though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin thee that which is convenient,
Philemon 1:18	If he hath wronged thee, or oweth thee ought, put that on mine account;
Hebrews 1:3	Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high:
Hebrews 1:13	But to which of the angels said he at any time, Sit on my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool?
Hebrews 2:9	But we see Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour; that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man.
Hebrews 3:1	Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling, consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus;
Hebrews 3:11	So I sware in my wrath, They shall not enter into my rest.)
Hebrews 4:2	For unto us was the gospel preached, as well as unto them: but the word preached did not profit them, not being mixed with faith in them that heard it.
Hebrews 4:12	For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.
Hebrews 5:6	As he saith also in another place, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec.
Hebrews 6:2	Of the doctrine of baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment.
Hebrews 6:12	That ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises.
Hebrews 7:2	To whom also Abraham gave a tenth part of all; first being by interpretation King of righteousness, and after that also King of Salem, which is, King of peace;
Hebrews 7:12	For the priesthood being changed, there is made of necessity a change also of the law.
Hebrews 7:22	By so much was Jesus made a surety of a better testament.
Hebrews 8:4	For if he were on earth, he should not be a priest, seeing that there are priests that offer gifts according to the law:
Hebrews 9:1	Then verily the first covenant had also ordinances of divine service, and a worldly sanctuary.
Hebrews 9:11	But Christ being come an high priest of good things to come, by a greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building;
Hebrews 9:21	Moreover he sprinkled with blood both the tabernacle, and all the vessels of the ministry.
Hebrews 10:3	But in those sacrifices there is a remembrance again made of sins every year.
Hebrews 10:13	From henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his footstool.
Hebrews 10:23	Let us hold fast the profession of our faith without wavering; (for he is faithful that promised;)
Hebrews 10:33	Partly, whilst ye were made a gazingstock both by reproaches and afflictions; and partly, whilst ye became companions of them that were so used.
Hebrews 11:4	By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous, God testifying of his gifts: and by it he being dead yet speaketh.
Hebrews 11:14	For they that say such things declare plainly that they seek a country.
Hebrews 11:24	By faith Moses, when he was come to years, refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter;
Hebrews 11:34	Quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the aliens.
Hebrews 12:4	Ye have not yet resisted unto blood, striving against sin.
Hebrews 12:14	Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord:
Hebrews 12:24	And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, and to the blood of sprinkling, that speaketh better things that that of Abel.
Hebrews 13:5	Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as ye have: for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee.
Hebrews 13:15	By him therefore let us offer the sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of our lips giving thanks to his name.
Hebrews 13:25	Grace be with you all. Amen.
James 1:10	But the rich, in that he is made low: because as the flower of the grass he shall pass away.
James 1:20	For the wrath of man worketh not the righteousness of God.
James 2:3	And ye have respect to him that weareth the gay clothing, and say unto him, Sit thou here in a good place; and say to the poor, Stand thou there, or sit here under my footstool:
James 2:13	For he shall have judgment without mercy, that hath shewed no mercy; and mercy rejoiceth against judgment.
James 2:23	And the scripture was fulfilled which saith, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed unto him for righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God.
James 3:7	For every kind of beasts, and of birds, and of serpents, and of things in the sea, is tamed, and hath been tamed of mankind:
James 3:17	But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be intreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, and without hypocrisy.
James 4:9	Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter be turned to mourning, and your joy to heaviness.
James 5:2	Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are motheaten.
James 5:12	But above all things, my brethren, swear not, neither by heaven, neither by the earth, neither by any other oath: but let your yea be yea; and your nay, nay; lest ye fall into condemnation.
1 Peter 1:2	Elect according to the foreknowledge of God the Father, through sanctification of the Spirit, unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ: Grace unto you, and peace, be multiplied.
1 Peter 1:12	Unto whom it was revealed, that not unto themselves, but unto us they did minister the things, which are now reported unto you by them that have preached the gospel unto you with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven; which things the angels desire to look into.
1 Peter 1:22	Seeing ye have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit unto unfeigned love of the brethren, see that ye love one another with a pure heart fervently:
1 Peter 2:7	Unto you therefore which believe he is precious: but unto them which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner,
1 Peter 2:17	Honour all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honour the king.
1 Peter 3:2	While they behold your chaste conversation coupled with fear.
1 Peter 3:12	For the eyes of the Lord are over the righteous, and his ears are open unto their prayers: but the face of the Lord is against them that do evil.
1 Peter 3:22	Who is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and authorities and powers being made subject unto him.
1 Peter 4:10	As every man hath received the gift, even so minister the same one to another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God.
1 Peter 5:1	The elders which are among you I exhort, who am also an elder, and a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed:
1 Peter 5:11	To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
2 Peter 1:7	And to godliness brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness charity.
2 Peter 1:17	For he received from God the Father honour and glory, when there came such a voice to him from the excellent glory, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.
2 Peter 2:6	And turning the cities of Sodom and Gomorrha into ashes condemned them with an overthrow, making them an ensample unto those that after should live ungodly;
2 Peter 2:16	But was rebuked for his iniquity: the dumb ass speaking with man's voice forbad the madness of the prophet.
2 Peter 3:4	And saying, Where is the promise of his coming? for since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation.
2 Peter 3:14	Wherefore, beloved, seeing that ye look for such things, be diligent that ye may be found of him in peace, without spot, and blameless.
1 John 1:6	If we say that we have fellowship with him, and walk in darkness, we lie, and do not the truth:
1 John 2:6	He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked.
1 John 2:16	For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world.
1 John 2:26	These things have I written unto you concerning them that seduce you.
1 John 3:7	Little children, let no man deceive you: he that doeth righteousness is righteous, even as he is righteous.
1 John 3:17	But whoso hath this world's good, and seeth his brother have need, and shutteth up his bowels of compassion from him, how dwelleth the love of God in him?
1 John 4:3	And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world.
1 John 4:13	Hereby know we that we dwell in him, and he in us, because he hath given us of his Spirit.
1 John 5:2	By this we know that we love the children of God, when we love God, and keep his commandments.
1 John 5:12	He that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life.
2 John 1:1	The elder unto the elect lady and her children, whom I love in the truth; and not I only, but also all they that have known the truth;
2 John 1:11	For he that biddeth him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds.
3 John 1:8	We therefore ought to receive such, that we might be fellowhelpers to the truth.
Jude 1:4	For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness, and denying the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Jude 1:14	And Enoch also, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of these, saying, Behold, the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints,
Jude 1:24	Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy,
Revelation 1:9	I John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of Jesus Christ, was in the isle that is called Patmos, for the word of God, and for the testimony of Jesus Christ.
Revelation 1:19	Write the things which thou hast seen, and the things which are, and the things which shall be hereafter;
Revelation 2:9	I know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich) and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan.
Revelation 2:19	I know thy works, and charity, and service, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works; and the last to be more than the first.
Revelation 2:29	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.
Revelation 3:10	Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth.
Revelation 3:20	Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me.
Revelation 4:8	And the four beasts had each of them six wings about him; and they were full of eyes within: and they rest not day and night, saying, Holy, holy, holy, LORD God Almighty, which was, and is, and is to come.
Revelation 5:7	And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne.
Revelation 6:3	And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, Come and see.
Revelation 6:13	And the stars of heaven fell unto the earth, even as a fig tree casteth her untimely figs, when she is shaken of a mighty wind.
Revelation 7:6	Of the tribe of Aser were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Nephthalim were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Manasses were sealed twelve thousand.
Revelation 7:16	They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more; neither shall the sun light on them, nor any heat.
Revelation 8:9	And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea, and had life, died; and the third part of the ships were destroyed.
Revelation 9:6	And in those days shall men seek death, and shall not find it; and shall desire to die, and death shall flee from them.
Revelation 9:16	And the number of the army of the horsemen were two hundred thousand thousand: and I heard the number of them.
Revelation 10:5	And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth lifted up his hand to heaven,
Revelation 11:4	These are the two olive trees, and the two candlesticks standing before the God of the earth.
Revelation 11:14	The second woe is past; and, behold, the third woe cometh quickly.
Revelation 12:5	And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and her child was caught up unto God, and to his throne.
Revelation 12:15	And the serpent cast out of his mouth water as a flood after the woman, that he might cause her to be carried away of the flood.
Revelation 13:8	And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.
Revelation 13:18	Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.
Revelation 14:10	The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb:
Revelation 14:20	And the winepress was trodden without the city, and blood came out of the winepress, even unto the horse bridles, by the space of a thousand and six hundred furlongs.
Revelation 16:2	And the first went, and poured out his vial upon the earth; and there fell a noisome and grievous sore upon the men which had the mark of the beast, and upon them which worshipped his image.
Revelation 16:12	And the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great river Euphrates; and the water thereof was dried up, that the way of the kings of the east might be prepared.
Revelation 17:1	And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials, and talked with me, saying unto me, Come hither; I will shew unto thee the judgment of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters:
Revelation 17:11	And the beast that was, and is not, even he is the eighth, and is of the seven, and goeth into perdition.
Revelation 18:3	For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies.
Revelation 18:13	And cinnamon, and odours, and ointments, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour, and wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves, and souls of men.
Revelation 18:23	And the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in thee; and the voice of the bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more at all in thee: for thy merchants were the great men of the earth; for by thy sorceries were all nations deceived.
Revelation 19:9	And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith unto me, These are the true sayings of God.
Revelation 19:19	And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army.
Revelation 20:8	And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog, and Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea.
Revelation 21:3	And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God.
Revelation 21:13	On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south three gates; and on the west three gates.
Revelation 21:23	And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof.
Revelation 22:6	And he said unto me, These sayings are faithful and true: and the Lord God of the holy prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants the things which must shortly be done.
Revelation 22:16	I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and morning star.
