Genesis 1:8	And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day.
Genesis 1:18	And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:28	And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.
Genesis 2:7	And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.
Genesis 2:17	But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.
Genesis 3:2	And the woman said unto the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden:
Genesis 3:12	And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat.
Genesis 3:22	And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever:
Genesis 4:8	And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.
Genesis 4:18	And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech.
Genesis 5:2	Male and female created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created.
Genesis 5:12	And Cainan lived seventy years and begat Mahalaleel:
Genesis 5:22	And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:
Genesis 5:32	And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
Genesis 6:10	And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
Genesis 6:20	Of fowls after their kind, and of cattle after their kind, of every creeping thing of the earth after his kind, two of every sort shall come unto thee, to keep them alive.
Genesis 7:8	Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls, and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth,
Genesis 7:18	And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly upon the earth; and the ark went upon the face of the waters.
Genesis 8:4	And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the mountains of Ararat.
Genesis 8:14	And in the second month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, was the earth dried.
Genesis 9:2	And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth upon the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are they delivered.
Genesis 9:12	And God said, This is the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you, for perpetual generations:
Genesis 9:22	And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without.
Genesis 10:3	And the sons of Gomer; Ashkenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.
Genesis 10:13	And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,
Genesis 10:23	And the children of Aram; Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Mash.
Genesis 11:1	And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech.
Genesis 11:11	And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:21	And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:31	And Terah took Abram his son, and Lot the son of Haran his son's son, and Sarai his daughter in law, his son Abram's wife; and they went forth with them from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Canaan; and they came unto Haran, and dwelt there.
Genesis 12:9	And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south.
Genesis 12:19	Why saidst thou, She is my sister? so I might have taken her to me to wife: now therefore behold thy wife, take her, and go thy way.
Genesis 13:9	Is not the whole land before thee? separate thyself, I pray thee, from me: if thou wilt take the left hand, then I will go to the right; or if thou depart to the right hand, then I will go to the left.
Genesis 14:1	And it came to pass in the days of Amraphel king of Shinar, Arioch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of nations;
Genesis 14:11	And they took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah, and all their victuals, and went their way.
Genesis 14:21	And the king of Sodom said unto Abram, Give me the persons, and take the goods to thyself.
Genesis 15:7	And he said unto him, I am the LORD that brought thee out of Ur of the Chaldees, to give thee this land to inherit it.
Genesis 15:17	And it came to pass, that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold a smoking furnace, and a burning lamp that passed between those pieces.
Genesis 16:6	But Abram said unto Sarai, Behold, thy maid is in thine hand; do to her as it pleaseth thee. And when Sarai dealt hardly with her, she fled from her face.
Genesis 16:16	And Abram was fourscore and six years old, when Hagar bare Ishmael to Abram.
Genesis 17:10	This is my covenant, which ye shall keep, between me and you and thy seed after thee; Every man child among you shall be circumcised.
Genesis 17:20	And as for Ishmael, I have heard thee: Behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation.
Genesis 18:3	And said, My LORD, if now I have found favor in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant:
Genesis 18:13	And the LORD said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of a surety bear a child, which am old?
Genesis 18:23	And Abraham drew near, and said, Wilt thou also destroy the righteous with the wicked?
Genesis 18:33	And the LORD went his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abraham: and Abraham returned unto his place.
Genesis 19:10	But the men put forth their hand, and pulled Lot into the house to them, and shut to the door.
Genesis 19:20	Behold now, this city is near to flee unto, and it is a little one: Oh, let me escape thither, (is it not a little one?) and my soul shall live.
Genesis 19:30	And Lot went up out of Zoar, and dwelt in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell in Zoar: and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters.
Genesis 20:2	And Abraham said of Sarah his wife, She is my sister: and Abimelech king of Gerar sent, and took Sarah.
Genesis 20:12	And yet indeed she is my sister; she is the daughter of my father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife.
Genesis 21:4	And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac being eight days old, as God had commanded him.
Genesis 21:14	And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and took bread, and a bottle of water, and gave it unto Hagar, putting it on her shoulder, and the child, and sent her away: and she departed, and wandered in the wilderness of Beersheba.
Genesis 21:24	And Abraham said, I will swear.
Genesis 21:34	And Abraham sojourned in the Philistines' land many days.
Genesis 22:10	And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son.
Genesis 22:20	And it came to pass after these things, that it was told Abraham, saying, Behold, Milcah, she hath also born children unto thy brother Nahor;
Genesis 23:6	Hear us, my lord: thou art a mighty prince among us: in the choice of our sepulchres bury thy dead; none of us shall withhold from thee his sepulchre, but that thou mayest bury thy dead.
Genesis 23:16	And Abraham hearkened unto Ephron; and Abraham weighed to Ephron the silver, which he had named in the audience of the sons of Heth, four hundred shekels of silver, current money with the merchant.
Genesis 24:6	And Abraham said unto him, Beware thou that thou bring not my son thither again.
Genesis 24:16	And the damsel was very fair to look upon, a virgin, neither had any man known her: and she went down to the well, and filled her pitcher, and came up.
Genesis 24:26	And the man bowed down his head, and worshipped the LORD.
Genesis 24:36	And Sarah my master's wife bare a son to my master when she was old: and unto him hath he given all that he hath.
Genesis 24:46	And she made haste, and let down her pitcher from her shoulder, and said, Drink, and I will give thy camels drink also: so I drank, and she made the camels drink also.
Genesis 24:56	And he said unto them, Hinder me not, seeing the LORD hath prospered my way; send me away that I may go to my master.
Genesis 24:66	And the servant told Isaac all things that he had done.
Genesis 25:9	And his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite, which is before Mamre;
Genesis 25:19	And these are the generations of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham begat Isaac:
Genesis 25:29	And Jacob sod pottage: and Esau came from the field, and he was faint:
Genesis 26:5	Because that Abraham obeyed my voice, and kept my charge, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws.
Genesis 26:15	For all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had stopped them, and filled them with earth.
Genesis 26:25	And he builded an altar there, and called upon the name of the LORD, and pitched his tent there: and there Isaac's servants digged a well.
Genesis 26:35	Which were a grief of mind unto Isaac and to Rebekah.
Genesis 27:10	And thou shalt bring it to thy father, that he may eat, and that he may bless thee before his death.
Genesis 27:20	And Isaac said unto his son, How is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my son? And he said, Because the LORD thy God brought it to me.
Genesis 27:30	And it came to pass, as soon as Isaac had made an end of blessing Jacob, and Jacob was yet scarce gone out from the presence of Isaac his father, that Esau his brother came in from his hunting.
Genesis 27:40	And by thy sword shalt thou live, and shalt serve thy brother; and it shall come to pass when thou shalt have the dominion, that thou shalt break his yoke from off thy neck.
Genesis 28:4	And give thee the blessing of Abraham, to thee, and to thy seed with thee; that thou mayest inherit the land wherein thou art a stranger, which God gave unto Abraham.
Genesis 28:14	And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth, and thou shalt spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south: and in thee and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed.
Genesis 29:2	And he looked, and behold a well in the field, and, lo, there were three flocks of sheep lying by it; for out of that well they watered the flocks: and a great stone was upon the well's mouth.
Genesis 29:12	And Jacob told Rachel that he was her father's brother, and that he was Rebekah's son: and she ran and told her father.
Genesis 29:22	And Laban gathered together all the men of the place, and made a feast.
Genesis 29:32	And Leah conceived, and bare a son, and she called his name Reuben: for she said, Surely the LORD hath looked upon my affliction; now therefore my husband will love me.
Genesis 30:7	And Bilhah Rachel's maid conceived again, and bare Jacob a second son.
Genesis 30:17	And God hearkened unto Leah, and she conceived, and bare Jacob the fifth son.
Genesis 30:27	And Laban said unto him, I pray thee, if I have found favor in thine eyes, tarry: for I have learned by experience that the LORD hath blessed me for thy sake.
Genesis 30:37	And Jacob took him rods of green poplar, and of the hazel and chestnut tree; and pilled white streaks in them, and made the white appear which was in the rods.
Genesis 31:4	And Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah to the field unto his flock,
Genesis 31:14	And Rachel and Leah answered and said unto him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father's house?
Genesis 31:24	And God came to Laban the Syrian in a dream by night, and said unto him, Take heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad.
Genesis 31:34	Now Rachel had taken the images, and put them in the camel's furniture, and sat upon them. And Laban searched all the tent, but found them not.
Genesis 31:44	Now therefore come thou, let us make a covenant, I and thou; and let it be for a witness between me and thee.
Genesis 31:54	Then Jacob offered sacrifice upon the mount, and called his brethren to eat bread: and they did eat bread, and tarried all night in the mount.
Genesis 32:9	And Jacob said, O God of my father Abraham, and God of my father Isaac, the LORD which saidst unto me, Return unto thy country, and to thy kindred, and I will deal well with thee:
Genesis 32:19	And so commanded he the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying, On this manner shall ye speak unto Esau, when ye find him.
Genesis 32:29	And Jacob asked him, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, thy name. And he said, Wherefore is it that thou dost ask after my name? And he blessed him there.
Genesis 33:7	And Leah also with her children came near, and bowed themselves: and after came Joseph near and Rachel, and they bowed themselves.
Genesis 33:17	And Jacob journeyed to Succoth, and built him an house, and made booths for his cattle: therefore the name of the place is called Succoth.
Genesis 34:7	And the sons of Jacob came out of the field when they heard it: and the men were grieved, and they were very wroth, because he had wrought folly in Israel in lying with Jacob's daughter: which thing ought not to be done.
Genesis 34:17	But if ye will not hearken unto us, to be circumcised; then will we take our daughter, and we will be gone.
Genesis 34:27	The sons of Jacob came upon the slain, and spoiled the city, because they had defiled their sister.
Genesis 35:6	So Jacob came to Luz, which is in the land of Canaan, that is, Bethel, he and all the people that were with him.
Genesis 35:16	And they journeyed from Bethel; and there was but a little way to come to Ephrath: and Rachel travailed, and she had hard labor.
Genesis 35:26	And the sons of Zilpah, Leah's handmaid: Gad, and Asher: these are the sons of Jacob, which were born to him in Padanaram.
Genesis 36:7	For their riches were more than that they might dwell together; and the land wherein they were strangers could not bear them because of their cattle.
Genesis 36:17	And these are the sons of Reuel Esau's son; duke Nahath, duke Zerah, duke Shammah, duke Mizzah: these are the dukes that came of Reuel in the land of Edom; these are the sons of Bashemath Esau's wife.
Genesis 36:27	The children of Ezer are these; Bilhan, and Zaavan, and Akan.
Genesis 36:37	And Samlah died, and Saul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead.
Genesis 37:4	And when his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto him.
Genesis 37:14	And he said to him, Go, I pray thee, see whether it be well with thy brethren, and well with the flocks; and bring me word again. So he sent him out of the vale of Hebron, and he came to Shechem.
Genesis 37:24	And they took him, and cast him into a pit: and the pit was empty, there was no water in it.
Genesis 37:34	And Jacob rent his clothes, and put sackcloth upon his loins, and mourned for his son many days.
Genesis 38:8	And Judah said unto Onan, Go in unto thy brother's wife, and marry her, and raise up seed to thy brother.
Genesis 38:18	And he said, What pledge shall I give thee? And she said, Thy signet, and thy bracelets, and thy staff that is in thine hand. And he gave it her, and came in unto her, and she conceived by him.
Genesis 38:28	And it came to pass, when she travailed, that the one put out his hand: and the midwife took and bound upon his hand a scarlet thread, saying, This came out first.
Genesis 39:8	But he refused, and said unto his master's wife, Behold, my master wotteth not what is with me in the house, and he hath committed all that he hath to my hand;
Genesis 39:18	And it came to pass, as I lifted up my voice and cried, that he left his garment with me, and fled out.
Genesis 40:5	And they dreamed a dream both of them, each man his dream in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his dream, the butler and the baker of the king of Egypt, which were bound in the prison.
Genesis 40:15	For indeed I was stolen away out of the land of the Hebrews: and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon.
Genesis 41:2	And, behold, there came up out of the river seven well favored kine and fatfleshed; and they fed in a meadow.
Genesis 41:12	And there was there with us a young man, an Hebrew, servant to the captain of the guard; and we told him, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each man according to his dream he did interpret.
Genesis 41:22	And I saw in my dream, and, behold, seven ears came up in one stalk, full and good:
Genesis 41:32	And for that the dream was doubled unto Pharaoh twice; it is because the thing is established by God, and God will shortly bring it to pass.
Genesis 41:42	And Pharaoh took off his ring from his hand, and put it upon Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in vestures of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck;
Genesis 41:52	And the name of the second called he Ephraim: For God hath caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction.
Genesis 42:5	And the sons of Israel came to buy corn among those that came: for the famine was in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 42:15	Hereby ye shall be proved: By the life of Pharaoh ye shall not go forth hence, except your youngest brother come hither.
Genesis 42:25	Then Joseph commanded to fill their sacks with corn, and to restore every man's money into his sack, and to give them provision for the way: and thus did he unto them.
Genesis 42:35	And it came to pass as they emptied their sacks, that, behold, every man's bundle of money was in his sack: and when both they and their father saw the bundles of money, they were afraid.
Genesis 43:7	And they said, The man asked us straitly of our state, and of our kindred, saying, Is your father yet alive? have ye another brother? and we told him according to the tenor of these words: could we certainly know that he would say, Bring your brother down?
Genesis 43:17	And the man did as Joseph bade; and the man brought the men into Joseph's house.
Genesis 43:27	And he asked them of their welfare, and said, Is your father well, the old man of whom ye spake? Is he yet alive?
Genesis 44:3	As soon as the morning was light, the men were sent away, they and their asses.
Genesis 44:13	Then they rent their clothes, and laded every man his ass, and returned to the city.
Genesis 44:23	And thou saidst unto thy servants, Except your youngest brother come down with you, ye shall see my face no more.
Genesis 44:33	Now therefore, I pray thee, let thy servant abide instead of the lad a bondman to my lord; and let the lad go up with his brethren.
Genesis 45:9	Haste ye, and go up to my father, and say unto him, Thus saith thy son Joseph, God hath made me lord of all Egypt: come down unto me, tarry not:
Genesis 45:19	Now thou art commanded, this do ye; take you wagons out of the land of Egypt for your little ones, and for your wives, and bring your father, and come.
Genesis 46:1	And Israel took his journey with all that he had, and came to Beersheba, and offered sacrifices unto the God of his father Isaac.
Genesis 46:11	And the sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
Genesis 46:21	And the sons of Benjamin were Belah, and Becher, and Ashbel, Gera, and Naaman, Ehi, and Rosh, Muppim, and Huppim, and Ard.
Genesis 46:31	And Joseph said unto his brethren, and unto his father's house, I will go up, and show Pharaoh, and say unto him, My brethren, and my father's house, which were in the land of Canaan, are come unto me;
Genesis 47:7	And Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and set him before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh.
Genesis 47:17	And they brought their cattle unto Joseph: and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for horses, and for the flocks, and for the cattle of the herds, and for the asses: and he fed them with bread for all their cattle for that year.
Genesis 47:27	And Israel dwelt in the land of Egypt, in the country of Goshen; and they had possessions therein, and grew, and multiplied exceedingly.
Genesis 48:6	And thy issue, which thou begettest after them, shall be thine, and shall be called after the name of their brethren in their inheritance.
Genesis 48:16	The Angel which redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads; and let my name be named on them, and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth.
Genesis 49:4	Unstable as water, thou shalt not excel; because thou wentest up to thy father's bed; then defiledst thou it: he went up to my couch.
Genesis 49:14	Issachar is a strong ass couching down between two burdens:
Genesis 49:24	But his bow abode in strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob; (from thence is the shepherd, the stone of Israel:)
Genesis 50:1	And Joseph fell upon his father's face, and wept upon him, and kissed him.
Genesis 50:11	And when the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, saw the mourning in the floor of Atad, they said, This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians: wherefore the name of it was called Abelmizraim, which is beyond Jordan.
Genesis 50:21	Now therefore fear ye not: I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spake kindly unto them.
Exodus 1:5	And all the souls that came out of the loins of Jacob were seventy souls: for Joseph was in Egypt already.
Exodus 1:15	And the king of Egypt spake to the Hebrew midwives, of which the name of the one was Shiphrah, and the name of the other Puah:
Exodus 2:3	And when she could not longer hide him, she took for him an ark of bulrushes, and daubed it with slime and with pitch, and put the child therein; and she laid it in the flags by the river's brink.
Exodus 2:13	And when he went out the second day, behold, two men of the Hebrews strove together: and he said to him that did the wrong, Wherefore smitest thou thy fellow?
Exodus 2:23	And it came to pass in process of time, that the king of Egypt died: and the children of Israel sighed by reason of the bondage, and they cried, and their cry came up unto God by reason of the bondage.
Exodus 3:8	And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with milk and honey; unto the place of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites.
Exodus 3:18	And they shall hearken to thy voice: and thou shalt come, thou and the elders of Israel, unto the king of Egypt, and ye shall say unto him, The LORD God of the Hebrews hath met with us: and now let us go, we beseech thee, three days' journey into the wilderness, that we may sacrifice to the LORD our God.
Exodus 4:6	And the LORD said furthermore unto him, Put now thine hand into thy bosom. And he put his hand into his bosom: and when he took it out, behold, his hand was leprous as snow.
Exodus 4:16	And he shall be thy spokesman unto the people: and he shall be, even he shall be to thee instead of a mouth, and thou shalt be to him instead of God.
Exodus 4:26	So he let him go: then she said, A bloody husband thou art, because of the circumcision.
Exodus 5:5	And Pharaoh said, Behold, the people of the land now are many, and ye make them rest from their burdens.
Exodus 5:15	Then the officers of the children of Israel came and cried unto Pharaoh, saying, Wherefore dealest thou thus with thy servants?
Exodus 6:2	And God spake unto Moses, and said unto him, I am the LORD:
Exodus 6:12	And Moses spake before the LORD, saying, Behold, the children of Israel have not hearkened unto me; how then shall Pharaoh hear me, who am of uncircumcised lips?
Exodus 6:22	And the sons of Uzziel; Mishael, and Elzaphan, and Zithri.
Exodus 7:2	Thou shalt speak all that I command thee: and Aaron thy brother shall speak unto Pharaoh, that he send the children of Israel out of his land.
Exodus 7:12	For they cast down every man his rod, and they became serpents: but Aaron's rod swallowed up their rods.
Exodus 7:22	And the magicians of Egypt did so with their enchantments: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither did he hearken unto them; as the LORD had said.
Exodus 8:7	And the magicians did so with their enchantments, and brought up frogs upon the land of Egypt.
Exodus 8:17	And they did so; for Aaron stretched out his hand with his rod, and smote the dust of the earth, and it became lice in man, and in beast; all the dust of the land became lice throughout all the land of Egypt.
Exodus 8:27	We will go three days' journey into the wilderness, and sacrifice to the LORD our God, as he shall command us.
Exodus 9:5	And the LORD appointed a set time, saying, To morrow the LORD shall do this thing in the land.
Exodus 9:15	For now I will stretch out my hand, that I may smite thee and thy people with pestilence; and thou shalt be cut off from the earth.
Exodus 9:25	And the hail smote throughout all the land of Egypt all that was in the field, both man and beast; and the hail smote every herb of the field, and brake every tree of the field.
Exodus 9:35	And the heart of Pharaoh was hardened, neither would he let the children of Israel go; as the LORD had spoken by Moses.
Exodus 10:10	And he said unto them, Let the LORD be so with you, as I will let you go, and your little ones: look to it; for evil is before you.
Exodus 10:20	But the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, so that he would not let the children of Israel go.
Exodus 11:1	And the LORD said unto Moses, Yet will I bring one plague more upon Pharaoh, and upon Egypt; afterwards he will let you go hence: when he shall let you go, he shall surely thrust you out hence altogether.
Exodus 12:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt saying,
Exodus 12:11	And thus shall ye eat it; with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and your staff in your hand; and ye shall eat it in haste: it is the LORD's passover.
Exodus 12:21	Then Moses called for all the elders of Israel, and said unto them, Draw out and take you a lamb according to your families, and kill the passover.
Exodus 12:31	And he called for Moses and Aaron by night, and said, Rise up, and get you forth from among my people, both ye and the children of Israel; and go, serve the LORD, as ye have said.
Exodus 12:41	And it came to pass at the end of the four hundred and thirty years, even the selfsame day it came to pass, that all the hosts of the LORD went out from the land of Egypt.
Exodus 12:51	And it came to pass the selfsame day, that the LORD did bring the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt by their armies.
Exodus 13:10	Thou shalt therefore keep this ordinance in his season from year to year.
Exodus 13:20	And they took their journey from Succoth, and encamped in Etham, in the edge of the wilderness.
Exodus 14:8	And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh king of Egypt, and he pursued after the children of Israel: and the children of Israel went out with an high hand.
Exodus 14:18	And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, when I have gotten me honor upon Pharaoh, upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen.
Exodus 14:28	And the waters returned, and covered the chariots, and the horsemen, and all the host of Pharaoh that came into the sea after them; there remained not so much as one of them.
Exodus 15:7	And in the greatness of thine excellency thou hast overthrown them that rose up against thee: thou sentest forth thy wrath, which consumed them as stubble.
Exodus 15:17	Thou shalt bring them in, and plant them in the mountain of thine inheritance, in the place, O LORD, which thou hast made for thee to dwell in, in the Sanctuary, O LORD, which thy hands have established.
Exodus 15:27	And they came to Elim, where were twelve wells of water, and threescore and ten palm trees: and they encamped there by the waters.
Exodus 16:10	And it came to pass, as Aaron spake unto the whole congregation of the children of Israel, that they looked toward the wilderness, and, behold, the glory of the LORD appeared in the cloud.
Exodus 16:20	Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto Moses; but some of them left of it until the morning, and it bred worms, and stank: and Moses was wroth with them.
Exodus 16:30	So the people rested on the seventh day.
Exodus 17:4	And Moses cried unto the LORD, saying, What shall I do unto this people? they be almost ready to stone me.
Exodus 17:14	And the LORD said unto Moses, Write this for a memorial in a book, and rehearse it in the ears of Joshua: for I will utterly put out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven.
Exodus 18:8	And Moses told his father in law all that the LORD had done unto Pharaoh and to the Egyptians for Israel's sake, and all the travail that had come upon them by the way, and how the LORD delivered them.
Exodus 18:18	Thou wilt surely wear away, both thou, and this people that is with thee: for this thing is too heavy for thee; thou art not able to perform it thyself alone.
Exodus 19:1	In the third month, when the children of Israel were gone forth out of the land of Egypt, the same day came they into the wilderness of Sinai.
Exodus 19:11	And be ready against the third day: for the third day the LORD will come down in the sight of all the people upon mount Sinai.
Exodus 19:21	And the LORD said unto Moses, Go down, charge the people, lest they break through unto the LORD to gaze, and many of them perish.
Exodus 20:6	And showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments.
Exodus 20:16	Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor.
Exodus 20:26	Neither shalt thou go up by steps unto mine altar, that thy nakedness be not discovered thereon.
Exodus 21:10	If he take him another wife; her food, her raiment, and her duty of marriage, shall he not diminish.
Exodus 21:20	And if a man smite his servant, or his maid, with a rod, and he die under his hand; he shall be surely punished.
Exodus 21:30	If there be laid on him a sum of money, then he shall give for the ransom of his life whatsoever is laid upon him.
Exodus 22:4	If the theft be certainly found in his hand alive, whether it be ox, or ass, or sheep; he shall restore double.
Exodus 22:14	And if a man borrow ought of his neighbor, and it be hurt, or die, the owner thereof being not with it, he shall surely make it good.
Exodus 22:24	And my wrath shall wax hot, and I will kill you with the sword; and your wives shall be widows, and your children fatherless.
Exodus 23:3	Neither shalt thou countenance a poor man in his cause.
Exodus 23:13	And in all things that I have said unto you be circumspect: and make no mention of the name of other gods, neither let it be heard out of thy mouth.
Exodus 23:23	For mine Angel shall go before thee, and bring thee in unto the Amorites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites: and I will cut them off.
Exodus 23:33	They shall not dwell in thy land, lest they make thee sin against me: for if thou serve their gods, it will surely be a snare unto thee.
Exodus 24:10	And they saw the God of Israel: and there was under his feet as it were a paved work of a sapphire stone, and as it were the body of heaven in his clearness.
Exodus 25:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, that they bring me an offering: of every man that giveth it willingly with his heart ye shall take my offering.
Exodus 25:12	And thou shalt cast four rings of gold for it, and put them in the four corners thereof; and two rings shall be in the one side of it, and two rings in the other side of it.
Exodus 25:22	And there I will meet with thee, and I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat, from between the two cherubim which are upon the ark of the testimony, of all things which I will give thee in commandment unto the children of Israel.
Exodus 25:32	And six branches shall come out of the sides of it; three branches of the candlestick out of the one side, and three branches of the candlestick out of the other side:
Exodus 26:2	The length of one curtain shall be eight and twenty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and every one of the curtains shall have one measure.
Exodus 26:12	And the remnant that remaineth of the curtains of the tent, the half curtain that remaineth, shall hang over the backside of the tabernacle.
Exodus 26:22	And for the sides of the tabernacle westward thou shalt make six boards.
Exodus 26:32	And thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of shittim wood overlaid with gold: their hooks shall be of gold, upon the four sockets of silver.
Exodus 27:5	And thou shalt put it under the compass of the altar beneath, that the net may be even to the midst of the altar.
Exodus 27:15	And on the other side shall be hangings fifteen cubits: their pillars three, and their sockets three.
Exodus 28:4	And these are the garments which they shall make; a breastplate, and an ephod, and a robe, and a broidered coat, a mitre, and a girdle: and they shall make holy garments for Aaron thy brother, and his sons, that he may minister unto me in the priest's office.
Exodus 28:14	And two chains of pure gold at the ends; of wreathed work shalt thou make them, and fasten the wreathed chains to the ouches.
Exodus 28:24	And thou shalt put the two wreathed chains of gold in the two rings which are on the ends of the breastplate.
Exodus 28:34	A golden bell and a pomegranate, a golden bell and a pomegranate, upon the hem of the robe round about.
Exodus 29:1	And this is the thing that thou shalt do unto them to hallow them, to minister unto me in the priest's office: Take one young bullock, and two rams without blemish,
Exodus 29:11	And thou shalt kill the bullock before the LORD, by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Exodus 29:21	And thou shalt take of the blood that is upon the altar, and of the anointing oil, and sprinkle it upon Aaron, and upon his garments, and upon his sons, and upon the garments of his sons with him: and he shall be hallowed, and his garments, and his sons, and his sons' garments with him.
Exodus 29:31	And thou shalt take the ram of the consecration, and seethe his flesh in the holy place.
Exodus 29:41	And the other lamb thou shalt offer at even, and shalt do thereto according to the meat offering of the morning, and according to the drink offering thereof, for a sweet savor, an offering made by fire unto the LORD.
Exodus 30:5	And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold.
Exodus 30:15	The rich shall not give more, and the poor shall not give less than half a shekel, when they give an offering unto the LORD, to make an atonement for your souls.
Exodus 30:25	And thou shalt make it an oil of holy ointment, an ointment compound after the art of the apothecary: it shall be an holy anointing oil.
Exodus 30:35	And thou shalt make it a perfume, a confection after the art of the apothecary, tempered together, pure and holy:
Exodus 31:7	The tabernacle of the congregation, and the ark of the testimony, and the mercy seat that is thereupon, and all the furniture of the tabernacle,
Exodus 31:17	It is a sign between me and the children of Israel for ever: for in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested, and was refreshed.
Exodus 32:9	And the LORD said unto Moses, I have seen this people, and, behold, it is a stiffnecked people:
Exodus 32:19	And it came to pass, as soon as he came nigh unto the camp, that he saw the calf, and the dancing: and Moses' anger waxed hot, and he cast the tables out of his hands, and brake them beneath the mount.
Exodus 32:29	For Moses had said, Consecrate yourselves today to the LORD, even every man upon his son, and upon his brother; that he may bestow upon you a blessing this day.
Exodus 33:4	And when the people heard these evil tidings, they mourned: and no man did put on him his ornaments.
Exodus 33:14	And he said, My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest.
Exodus 34:1	And the LORD said unto Moses, Hew thee two tables of stone like unto the first: and I will write upon these tables the words that were in the first tables, which thou brakest.
Exodus 34:11	Observe thou that which I command thee this day: behold, I drive out before thee the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite.
Exodus 34:21	Six days thou shalt work, but on the seventh day thou shalt rest: in earing time and in harvest thou shalt rest.
Exodus 34:31	And Moses called unto them; and Aaron and all the rulers of the congregation returned unto him: and Moses talked with them.
Exodus 35:6	And blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair,
Exodus 35:16	The altar of burnt offering, with his brazen grate, his staves, and all his vessels, the laver and his foot,
Exodus 35:26	And all the women whose heart stirred them up in wisdom spun goats' hair.
Exodus 36:1	Then wrought Bezaleel and Aholiab, and every wise hearted man, in whom the LORD put wisdom and understanding to know how to work all manner of work for the service of the sanctuary, according to all that the LORD had commanded.
Exodus 36:11	And he made loops of blue on the edge of one curtain from the selvedge in the coupling: likewise he made in the uttermost side of another curtain, in the coupling of the second.
Exodus 36:21	The length of a board was ten cubits, and the breadth of a board one cubit and a half.
Exodus 36:31	And he made bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle,
Exodus 37:3	And he cast for it four rings of gold, to be set by the four corners of it; even two rings upon the one side of it, and two rings upon the other side of it.
Exodus 37:13	And he cast for it four rings of gold, and put the rings upon the four corners that were in the four feet thereof.
Exodus 37:23	And he made his seven lamps, and his snuffers, and his snuffdishes, of pure gold.
Exodus 38:4	And he made for the altar a brazen grate of network under the compass thereof beneath unto the midst of it.
Exodus 38:14	The hangings of the one side of the gate were fifteen cubits; their pillars three, and their sockets three.
Exodus 38:24	All the gold that was occupied for the work in all the work of the holy place, even the gold of the offering, was twenty and nine talents, and seven hundred and thirty shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary.
Exodus 39:3	And they did beat the gold into thin plates, and cut it into wires, to work it in the blue, and in the purple, and in the scarlet, and in the fine linen, with cunning work.
Exodus 39:13	And the fourth row, a beryl, an onyx, and a jasper: they were inclosed in ouches of gold in their inclosings.
Exodus 39:23	And there was an hole in the midst of the robe, as the hole of an habergeon, with a band round about the hole, that it should not rend.
Exodus 39:33	And they brought the tabernacle unto Moses, the tent, and all his furniture, his taches, his boards, his bars, and his pillars, and his sockets,
Exodus 39:43	And Moses did look upon all the work, and, behold, they had done it as the LORD had commanded, even so had they done it: and Moses blessed them.
Exodus 40:10	And thou shalt anoint the altar of the burnt offering, and all his vessels, and sanctify the altar: and it shall be an altar most holy.
Exodus 40:20	And he took and put the testimony into the ark, and set the staves on the ark, and put the mercy seat above upon the ark:
Exodus 40:30	And he set the laver between the tent of the congregation and the altar, and put water there, to wash withal.
Leviticus 1:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, If any man of you bring an offering unto the LORD, ye shall bring your offering of the cattle, even of the herd, and of the flock.
Leviticus 1:12	And he shall cut it into his pieces, with his head and his fat: and the priest shall lay them in order on the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar:
Leviticus 2:5	And if thy oblation be a meat offering baked in a pan, it shall be of fine flour unleavened, mingled with oil.
Leviticus 2:15	And thou shalt put oil upon it, and lay frankincense thereon: it is a meat offering.
Leviticus 3:9	And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the peace offering an offering made by fire unto the LORD; the fat thereof, and the whole rump, it shall he take off hard by the backbone; and the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is upon the inwards,
Leviticus 4:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If a soul shall sin through ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done, and shall do against any of them:
Leviticus 4:12	Even the whole bullock shall he carry forth without the camp unto a clean place, where the ashes are poured out, and burn him on the wood with fire: where the ashes are poured out shall he be burnt.
Leviticus 4:22	When a ruler hath sinned, and done somewhat through ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD his God concerning things which should not be done, and is guilty;
Leviticus 4:32	And if he bring a lamb for a sin offering, he shall bring it a female without blemish.
Leviticus 5:7	And if he be not able to bring a lamb, then he shall bring for his trespass, which he hath committed, two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, unto the LORD; one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering.
Leviticus 5:17	And if a soul sin, and commit any of these things which are forbidden to be done by the commandments of the LORD; though he wist it not, yet is he guilty, and shall bear his iniquity.
Leviticus 6:8	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 6:18	All the males among the children of Aaron shall eat of it. It shall be a statute for ever in your generations concerning the offerings of the LORD made by fire: every one that toucheth them shall be holy.
Leviticus 6:28	But the earthen vessel wherein it is sodden shall be broken: and if it be sodden in a brazen pot, it shall be both scoured, and rinsed in water.
Leviticus 7:8	And the priest that offereth any man's burnt offering, even the priest shall have to himself the skin of the burnt offering which he hath offered.
Leviticus 7:18	And if any of the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings be eaten at all on the third day, it shall not be accepted, neither shall it be imputed unto him that offereth it: it shall be an abomination, and the soul that eateth of it shall bear his iniquity.
Leviticus 7:28	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 7:38	Which the LORD commanded Moses in mount Sinai, in the day that he commanded the children of Israel to offer their oblations unto the LORD, in the wilderness of Sinai.
Leviticus 8:10	And Moses took the anointing oil, and anointed the tabernacle and all that was therein, and sanctified them.
Leviticus 8:20	And he cut the ram into pieces; and Moses burnt the head, and the pieces, and the fat.
Leviticus 8:30	And Moses took of the anointing oil, and of the blood which was upon the altar, and sprinkled it upon Aaron, and upon his garments, and upon his sons, and upon his sons' garments with him; and sanctified Aaron, and his garments, and his sons, and his sons' garments with him.
Leviticus 9:4	Also a bullock and a ram for peace offerings, to sacrifice before the LORD; and a meat offering mingled with oil: for to day the LORD will appear unto you.
Leviticus 9:14	And he did wash the inwards and the legs, and burnt them upon the burnt offering on the altar.
Leviticus 9:24	And there came a fire out from before the LORD, and consumed upon the altar the burnt offering and the fat: which when all the people saw, they shouted, and fell on their faces.
Leviticus 10:10	And that ye may put difference between holy and unholy, and between unclean and clean;
Leviticus 10:20	And when Moses heard that, he was content.
Leviticus 11:10	And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the rivers, of all that move in the waters, and of any living thing which is in the waters, they shall be an abomination unto you:
Leviticus 11:20	All fowls that creep, going upon all four, shall be an abomination unto you.
Leviticus 11:30	And the ferret, and the chameleon, and the lizard, and the snail, and the mole.
Leviticus 11:40	And he that eateth of the carcass of it shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: he also that beareth the carcass of it shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 12:3	And in the eighth day the flesh of his foreskin shall be circumcised.
Leviticus 13:5	And the priest shall look on him the seventh day: and, behold, if the plague in his sight be at a stay, and the plague spread not in the skin; then the priest shall shut him up seven days more:
Leviticus 13:15	And the priest shall see the raw flesh, and pronounce him to be unclean: for the raw flesh is unclean: it is a leprosy.
Leviticus 13:25	Then the priest shall look upon it: and, behold, if the hair in the bright spot be turned white, and it be in sight deeper than the skin; it is a leprosy broken out of the burning: wherefore the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is the plague of leprosy.
Leviticus 13:35	But if the scall spread much in the skin after his cleansing;
Leviticus 13:45	And the leper in whom the plague is, his clothes shall be rent, and his head bare, and he shall put a covering upon his upper lip, and shall cry, Unclean, unclean.
Leviticus 13:55	And the priest shall look on the plague, after that it is washed: and, behold, if the plague have not changed his color, and the plague be not spread; it is unclean; thou shalt burn it in the fire; it is fret inward, whether it be bare within or without.
Leviticus 14:6	As for the living bird, he shall take it, and the cedar wood, and the scarlet, and the hyssop, and shall dip them and the living bird in the blood of the bird that was killed over the running water:
Leviticus 14:16	And the priest shall dip his right finger in the oil that is in his left hand, and shall sprinkle of the oil with his finger seven times before the LORD:
Leviticus 14:26	And the priest shall pour of the oil into the palm of his own left hand:
Leviticus 14:36	Then the priest shall command that they empty the house, before the priest go into it to see the plague, that all that is in the house be not made unclean: and afterward the priest shall go in to see the house:
Leviticus 14:46	Moreover he that goeth into the house all the while that it is shut up shall be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 14:56	And for a rising, and for a scab, and for a bright spot:
Leviticus 15:9	And what saddle soever he rideth upon that hath the issue shall be unclean.
Leviticus 15:19	And if a woman have an issue, and her issue in her flesh be blood, she shall be put apart seven days: and whosoever toucheth her shall be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 15:29	And on the eighth day she shall take unto her two turtles, or two young pigeons, and bring them unto the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Leviticus 16:6	And Aaron shall offer his bullock of the sin offering, which is for himself, and make an atonement for himself, and for his house.
Leviticus 16:16	And he shall make an atonement for the holy place, because of the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and because of their transgressions in all their sins: and so shall he do for the tabernacle of the congregation, that remaineth among them in the midst of their uncleanness.
Leviticus 16:26	And he that let go the goat for the scapegoat shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and afterward come into the camp.
Leviticus 17:2	Speak unto Aaron, and unto his sons, and unto all the children of Israel, and say unto them; This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded, saying,
Leviticus 17:12	Therefore I said unto the children of Israel, No soul of you shall eat blood, neither shall any stranger that sojourneth among you eat blood.
Leviticus 18:6	None of you shall approach to any that is near of kin to him, to uncover their nakedness: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 18:16	Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy brother's wife: it is thy brother's nakedness.
Leviticus 18:26	Ye shall therefore keep my statutes and my judgments, and shall not commit any of these abominations; neither any of your own nation, nor any stranger that sojourneth among you:
Leviticus 19:6	It shall be eaten the same day ye offer it, and on the morrow: and if ought remain until the third day, it shall be burnt in the fire.
Leviticus 19:16	Thou shalt not go up and down as a talebearer among thy people: neither shalt thou stand against the blood of thy neighbor; I am the LORD.
Leviticus 19:26	Ye shall not eat any thing with the blood: neither shall ye use enchantment, nor observe times.
Leviticus 19:36	Just balances, just weights, a just ephah, and a just hin, shall ye have: I am the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt.
Leviticus 20:9	For every one that curseth his father or his mother shall be surely put to death: he hath cursed his father or his mother; his blood shall be upon him.
Leviticus 20:19	And thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy mother's sister, nor of thy father's sister: for he uncovereth his near kin: they shall bear their iniquity.
Leviticus 21:2	But for his kin, that is near unto him, that is, for his mother, and for his father, and for his son, and for his daughter, and for his brother.
Leviticus 21:12	Neither shall he go out of the sanctuary, nor profane the sanctuary of his God; for the crown of the anointing oil of his God is upon him: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 21:22	He shall eat the bread of his God, both of the most holy, and of the holy.
Leviticus 22:8	That which dieth of itself, or is torn with beasts, he shall not eat to defile himself therewith; I am the LORD.
Leviticus 22:18	Speak unto Aaron, and to his sons, and unto all the children of Israel, and say unto them, Whatsoever he be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers in Israel, that will offer his oblation for all his vows, and for all his freewill offerings, which they will offer unto the LORD for a burnt offering;
Leviticus 22:28	And whether it be cow, or ewe, ye shall not kill it and her young both in one day.
Leviticus 23:5	In the fourteenth day of the first month at even is the LORD's passover.
Leviticus 23:15	And ye shall count unto you from the morrow after the sabbath, from the day that ye brought the sheaf of the wave offering; seven sabbaths shall be complete:
Leviticus 23:25	Ye shall do no servile work therein: but ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD.
Leviticus 23:35	On the first day shall be an holy convocation: ye shall do no servile work therein.
Leviticus 24:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 24:11	And the Israelitish woman's son blasphemed the name of the Lord, and cursed. And they brought him unto Moses: (and his mother's name was Shelomith, the daughter of Dibri, of the tribe of Dan:)
Leviticus 24:21	And he that killeth a beast, he shall restore it: and he that killeth a man, he shall be put to death.
Leviticus 25:8	And thou shalt number seven sabbaths of years unto thee, seven times seven years; and the space of the seven sabbaths of years shall be unto thee forty and nine years.
Leviticus 25:18	Wherefore ye shall do my statutes, and keep my judgments, and do them; and ye shall dwell in the land in safety.
Leviticus 25:28	But if he be not able to restore it to him, then that which is sold shall remain in the hand of him that hath bought it until the year of jubilee: and in the jubilee it shall go out, and he shall return unto his possession.
Leviticus 25:38	I am the LORD your God, which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, to give you the land of Canaan, and to be your God.
Leviticus 25:48	After that he is sold he may be redeemed again; one of his brethren may redeem him:
Leviticus 26:3	If ye walk in my statutes, and keep my commandments, and do them;
Leviticus 26:13	I am the LORD your God, which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, that ye should not be their bondmen; and I have broken the bands of your yoke, and made you go upright.
Leviticus 26:23	And if ye will not be reformed by me by these things, but will walk contrary unto me;
Leviticus 26:33	And I will scatter you among the heathen, and will draw out a sword after you: and your land shall be desolate, and your cities waste.
Leviticus 26:43	The land also shall be left of them, and shall enjoy her sabbaths, while she lieth desolate without them: and they shall accept of the punishment of their iniquity: because, even because they despised my judgments, and because their soul abhorred my statutes.
Leviticus 27:7	And if it be from sixty years old and above; if it be a male, then thy estimation shall be fifteen shekels, and for the female ten shekels.
Leviticus 27:17	If he sanctify his field from the year of jubilee, according to thy estimation it shall stand.
Leviticus 27:27	And if it be of an unclean beast, then he shall redeem it according to thine estimation, and shall add a fifth part of it thereto: or if it be not redeemed, then it shall be sold according to thy estimation.
Numbers 1:3	From twenty years old and upward, all that are able to go forth to war in Israel: thou and Aaron shall number them by their armies.
Numbers 1:13	Of Asher; Pagiel the son of Ocran.
Numbers 1:23	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Simeon, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred.
Numbers 1:33	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Ephraim, were forty thousand and five hundred.
Numbers 1:43	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Naphtali, were fifty and three thousand and four hundred.
Numbers 1:53	But the Levites shall pitch round about the tabernacle of testimony, that there be no wrath upon the congregation of the children of Israel: and the Levites shall keep the charge of the tabernacle of testimony.
Numbers 2:9	All that were numbered in the camp of Judah were an hundred thousand and fourscore thousand and six thousand and four hundred, throughout their armies. These shall first set forth.
Numbers 2:19	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were forty thousand and five hundred.
Numbers 2:29	Then the tribe of Naphtali: and the captain of the children of Naphtali shall be Ahira the son of Enan.
Numbers 3:5	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 3:15	Number the children of Levi after the house of their fathers, by their families: every male from a month old and upward shalt thou number them.
Numbers 3:25	And the charge of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation shall be the tabernacle, and the tent, the covering thereof, and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation,
Numbers 3:35	And the chief of the house of the father of the families of Merari was Zuriel the son of Abihail: these shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle northward.
Numbers 3:45	Take the Levites instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel, and the cattle of the Levites instead of their cattle; and the Levites shall be mine: I am the LORD.
Numbers 4:4	This shall be the service of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregation, about the most holy things:
Numbers 4:14	And they shall put upon it all the vessels thereof, wherewith they minister about it, even the censers, the fleshhooks, and the shovels, and the basins, all the vessels of the altar; and they shall spread upon it a covering of badgers' skins, and put to the staves of it.
Numbers 4:24	This is the service of the families of the Gershonites, to serve, and for burdens:
Numbers 4:34	And Moses and Aaron and the chief of the congregation numbered the sons of the Kohathites after their families, and after the house of their fathers,
Numbers 4:44	Even those that were numbered of them after their families, were three thousand and two hundred.
Numbers 5:5	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 5:15	Then shall the man bring his wife unto the priest, and he shall bring her offering for her, the tenth part of an ephah of barley meal; he shall pour no oil upon it, nor put frankincense thereon; for it is an offering of jealousy, an offering of memorial, bringing iniquity to remembrance.
Numbers 5:25	Then the priest shall take the jealousy offering out of the woman's hand, and shall wave the offering before the LORD, and offer it upon the altar:
Numbers 6:4	All the days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made of the vine tree, from the kernels even to the husk.
Numbers 6:14	And he shall offer his offering unto the LORD, one he lamb of the first year without blemish for a burnt offering, and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish for a sin offering, and one ram without blemish for peace offerings,
Numbers 6:24	The LORD bless thee, and keep thee:
Numbers 7:7	Two wagons and four oxen he gave unto the sons of Gershon, according to their service:
Numbers 7:17	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Nahshon the son of Amminadab.
Numbers 7:27	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Numbers 7:37	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Numbers 7:47	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Eliasaph the son of Deuel.
Numbers 7:57	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Numbers 7:67	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Numbers 7:77	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Pagiel the son of Ocran.
Numbers 7:87	All the oxen for the burnt offering were twelve bullocks, the rams twelve, the lambs of the first year twelve, with their meat offering: and the kids of the goats for sin offering twelve.
Numbers 8:8	Then let them take a young bullock with his meat offering, even fine flour mingled with oil, and another young bullock shalt thou take for a sin offering.
Numbers 8:18	And I have taken the Levites for all the firstborn of the children of Israel.
Numbers 9:2	Let the children of Israel also keep the passover at his appointed season.
Numbers 9:12	They shall leave none of it unto the morning, nor break any bone of it: according to all the ordinances of the passover they shall keep it.
Numbers 9:22	Or whether it were two days, or a month, or a year, that the cloud tarried upon the tabernacle, remaining thereon, the children of Israel abode in their tents, and journeyed not: but when it was taken up, they journeyed.
Numbers 10:9	And if ye go to war in your land against the enemy that oppresseth you, then ye shall blow an alarm with the trumpets; and ye shall be remembered before the LORD your God, and ye shall be saved from your enemies.
Numbers 10:19	And over the host of the tribe of the children of Simeon was Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.
Numbers 10:29	And Moses said unto Hobab, the son of Raguel the Midianite, Moses' father in law, We are journeying unto the place of which the LORD said, I will give it you: come thou with us, and we will do thee good: for the LORD hath spoken good concerning Israel.
Numbers 11:3	And he called the name of the place Taberah: because the fire of the LORD burnt among them.
Numbers 11:13	Whence should I have flesh to give unto all this people? for they weep unto me, saying, Give us flesh, that we may eat.
Numbers 11:23	And the LORD said unto Moses, Is the LORD's hand waxed short? thou shalt see now whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not.
Numbers 11:33	And while the flesh was yet between their teeth, ere it was chewed, the wrath of the LORD was kindled against the people, and the LORD smote the people with a very great plague.
Numbers 12:8	With him will I speak mouth to mouth, even apparently, and not in dark speeches; and the similitude of the LORD shall he behold: wherefore then were ye not afraid to speak against my servant Moses?
Numbers 13:2	Send thou men, that they may search the land of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel: of every tribe of their fathers shall ye send a man, every one a ruler among them.
Numbers 13:12	Of the tribe of Dan, Ammiel the son of Gemalli.
Numbers 13:22	And they ascended by the south, and came unto Hebron; where Ahiman, Sheshai, and Talmai, the children of Anak, were. (Now Hebron was built seven years before Zoan in Egypt.)
Numbers 13:32	And they brought up an evil report of the land which they had searched unto the children of Israel, saying, The land, through which we have gone to search it, is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof; and all the people that we saw in it are men of a great stature.
Numbers 14:9	Only rebel not ye against the LORD, neither fear ye the people of the land; for they are bread for us: their defense is departed from them, and the LORD is with us: fear them not.
Numbers 14:19	Pardon, I beseech thee, the iniquity of this people according unto the greatness of thy mercy, and as thou hast forgiven this people, from Egypt even until now.
Numbers 14:29	Your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness; and all that were numbered of you, according to your whole number, from twenty years old and upward which have murmured against me.
Numbers 14:39	And Moses told these sayings unto all the children of Israel: and the people mourned greatly.
Numbers 15:4	Then shall he that offereth his offering unto the LORD bring a meat offering of a tenth deal of flour mingled with the fourth part of an hin of oil.
Numbers 15:14	And if a stranger sojourn with you, or whosoever be among you in your generations, and will offer an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto the LORD; as ye do, so he shall do.
Numbers 15:24	Then it shall be, if ought be committed by ignorance without the knowledge of the congregation, that all the congregation shall offer one young bullock for a burnt offering, for a sweet savor unto the LORD, with his meat offering, and his drink offering, according to the manner, and one kid of the goats for a sin offering.
Numbers 15:34	And they put him in ward, because it was not declared what should be done to him.
Numbers 16:3	And they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said unto them, Ye take too much upon you, seeing all the congregation are holy, every one of them, and the LORD is among them: wherefore then lift ye up yourselves above the congregation of the LORD?
Numbers 16:13	Is it a small thing that thou hast brought us up out of a land that floweth with milk and honey, to kill us in the wilderness, except thou make thyself altogether a prince over us?
Numbers 16:23	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 16:33	They, and all that appertained to them, went down alive into the pit, and the earth closed upon them: and they perished from among the congregation.
Numbers 16:43	And Moses and Aaron came before the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 17:3	And thou shalt write Aaron's name upon the rod of Levi: for one rod shall be for the head of the house of their fathers.
Numbers 17:13	Whosoever cometh any thing near unto the tabernacle of the LORD shall die: shall we be consumed with dying?
Numbers 18:10	In the most holy place shalt thou eat it; every male shall eat it: it shall be holy unto thee.
Numbers 18:20	And the LORD spake unto Aaron, Thou shalt have no inheritance in their land, neither shalt thou have any part among them: I am thy part and thine inheritance among the children of Israel.
Numbers 18:30	Therefore thou shalt say unto them, When ye have heaved the best thereof from it, then it shall be counted unto the Levites as the increase of the threshingfloor, and as the increase of the winepress.
Numbers 19:8	And he that burneth her shall wash his clothes in water, and bathe his flesh in water, and shall be unclean until the even.
Numbers 19:18	And a clean person shall take hyssop, and dip it in the water, and sprinkle it upon the tent, and upon all the vessels, and upon the persons that were there, and upon him that touched a bone, or one slain, or one dead, or a grave:
Numbers 20:6	And Moses and Aaron went from the presence of the assembly unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and they fell upon their faces: and the glory of the LORD appeared unto them.
Numbers 20:16	And when we cried unto the LORD, he heard our voice, and sent an angel, and hath brought us forth out of Egypt: and, behold, we are in Kadesh, a city in the uttermost of thy border:
Numbers 20:26	And strip Aaron of his garments, and put them upon Eleazar his son: and Aaron shall be gathered unto his people, and shall die there.
Numbers 21:7	Therefore the people came to Moses, and said, We have sinned, for we have spoken against the LORD, and against thee; pray unto the LORD, that he take away the serpents from us. And Moses prayed for the people.
Numbers 21:17	Then Israel sang this song, Spring up, O well; sing ye unto it:
Numbers 21:27	Wherefore they that speak in proverbs say, Come into Heshbon, let the city of Sihon be built and prepared:
Numbers 22:2	And Balak the son of Zippor saw all that Israel had done to the Amorites.
Numbers 22:12	And God said unto Balaam, Thou shalt not go with them; thou shalt not curse the people: for they are blessed.
Numbers 22:22	And God's anger was kindled because he went: and the angel of the LORD stood in the way for an adversary against him. Now he was riding upon his ass, and his two servants were with him.
Numbers 22:32	And the angel of the LORD said unto him, Wherefore hast thou smitten thine ass these three times? behold, I went out to withstand thee, because thy way is perverse before me:
Numbers 23:1	And Balaam said unto Balak, Build me here seven altars, and prepare me here seven oxen and seven rams.
Numbers 23:11	And Balak said unto Balaam, What hast thou done unto me? I took thee to curse mine enemies, and, behold, thou hast blessed them altogether.
Numbers 23:21	He hath not beheld iniquity in Jacob, neither hath he seen perverseness in Israel: the LORD his God is with him, and the shout of a king is among them.
Numbers 24:1	And when Balaam saw that it pleased the LORD to bless Israel, he went not, as at other times, to seek for enchantments, but he set his face toward the wilderness.
Numbers 24:11	Therefore now flee thou to thy place: I thought to promote thee unto great honor; but, lo, the LORD hath kept thee back from honor.
Numbers 24:21	And he looked on the Kenites, and took up his parable, and said, Strong is thy dwelling place, and thou puttest thy nest in a rock.
Numbers 25:6	And, behold, one of the children of Israel came and brought unto his brethren a Midianitish woman in the sight of Moses, and in the sight of all the congregation of the children of Israel, who were weeping before the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 25:16	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 26:8	And the sons of Pallu; Eliab.
Numbers 26:18	These are the families of the children of Gad according to those that were numbered of them, forty thousand and five hundred.
Numbers 26:28	The sons of Joseph after their families were Manasseh and Ephraim.
Numbers 26:38	The sons of Benjamin after their families: of Bela, the family of the Belaites: of Ashbel, the family of the Ashbelites: of Ahiram, the family of the Ahiramites:
Numbers 26:48	Of the sons of Naphtali after their families: of Jahzeel, the family of the Jahzeelites: of Guni, the family of the Gunites:
Numbers 26:58	These are the families of the Levites: the family of the Libnites, the family of the Hebronites, the family of the Mahlites, the family of the Mushites, the family of the Korathites. And Kohath begat Amram.
Numbers 27:3	Our father died in the wilderness, and he was not in the company of them that gathered themselves together against the LORD in the company of Korah; but died in his own sin, and had no sons.
Numbers 27:13	And when thou hast seen it, thou also shalt be gathered unto thy people, as Aaron thy brother was gathered.
Numbers 27:23	And he laid his hands upon him, and gave him a charge, as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses.
Numbers 28:10	This is the burnt offering of every sabbath, beside the continual burnt offering, and his drink offering.
Numbers 28:20	And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil: three tenth deals shall ye offer for a bullock, and two tenth deals for a ram;
Numbers 28:30	And one kid of the goats, to make an atonement for you.
Numbers 29:9	And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil, three tenth deals to a bullock, and two tenth deals to one ram,
Numbers 29:19	And one kid of the goats for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, and the meat offering thereof, and their drink offerings.
Numbers 29:29	And on the sixth day eight bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish:
Numbers 29:39	These things ye shall do unto the LORD in your set feasts, beside your vows, and your freewill offerings, for your burnt offerings, and for your meat offerings, and for your drink offerings, and for your peace offerings.
Numbers 30:9	But every vow of a widow, and of her that is divorced, wherewith they have bound their souls, shall stand against her.
Numbers 31:3	And Moses spake unto the people, saying, Arm some of yourselves unto the war, and let them go against the Midianites, and avenge the LORD of Midian.
Numbers 31:13	And Moses, and Eleazar the priest, and all the princes of the congregation, went forth to meet them without the camp.
Numbers 31:23	Every thing that may abide the fire, ye shall make it go through the fire, and it shall be clean: nevertheless it shall be purified with the water of separation: and all that abideth not the fire ye shall make go through the water.
Numbers 31:33	And threescore and twelve thousand beeves,
Numbers 31:43	(Now the half that pertained unto the congregation was three hundred thousand and thirty thousand and seven thousand and five hundred sheep,
Numbers 31:53	(For the men of war had taken spoil, every man for himself.)
Numbers 32:9	For when they went up unto the valley of Eshcol, and saw the land, they discouraged the heart of the children of Israel, that they should not go into the land which the LORD had given them.
Numbers 32:19	For we will not inherit with them on yonder side Jordan, or forward; because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side Jordan eastward.
Numbers 32:29	And Moses said unto them, If the children of Gad and the children of Reuben will pass with you over Jordan, every man armed to battle, before the LORD, and the land shall be subdued before you; then ye shall give them the land of Gilead for a possession:
Numbers 32:39	And the children of Machir the son of Manasseh went to Gilead, and took it, and dispossessed the Amorite which was in it.
Numbers 33:7	And they removed from Etham, and turned again unto Pihahiroth, which is before Baalzephon: and they pitched before Migdol.
Numbers 33:17	And they departed from Kibrothhattaavah, and encamped at Hazeroth.
Numbers 33:27	And they departed from Tahath, and pitched at Tarah.
Numbers 33:37	And they removed from Kadesh, and pitched in mount Hor, in the edge of the land of Edom.
Numbers 33:47	And they removed from Almondiblathaim, and pitched in the mountains of Abarim, before Nebo.
Numbers 34:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 34:11	And the coast shall go down from Shepham to Riblah, on the east side of Ain; and the border shall descend, and shall reach unto the side of the sea of Chinnereth eastward:
Numbers 34:21	Of the tribe of Benjamin, Elidad the son of Chislon.
Numbers 35:2	Command the children of Israel, that they give unto the Levites of the inheritance of their possession cities to dwell in; and ye shall give also unto the Levites suburbs for the cities round about them.
Numbers 35:12	And they shall be unto you cities for refuge from the avenger; that the manslayer die not, until he stand before the congregation in judgment.
Numbers 35:22	But if he thrust him suddenly without enmity, or have cast upon him any thing without laying of wait,
Numbers 35:32	And ye shall take no satisfaction for him that is fled to the city of his refuge, that he should come again to dwell in the land, until the death of the priest.
Numbers 36:8	And every daughter, that possesseth an inheritance in any tribe of the children of Israel, shall be wife unto one of the family of the tribe of her father, that the children of Israel may enjoy every man the inheritance of his fathers.
Deuteronomy 1:5	On this side Jordan, in the land of Moab, began Moses to declare this law, saying,
Deuteronomy 1:15	So I took the chief of your tribes, wise men, and known, and made them heads over you, captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, and captains over fifties, and captains over tens, and officers among your tribes.
Deuteronomy 1:25	And they took of the fruit of the land in their hands, and brought it down unto us, and brought us word again, and said, It is a good land which the LORD our God doth give us.
Deuteronomy 1:35	Surely there shall not one of these men of this evil generation see that good land, which I sware to give unto your fathers.
Deuteronomy 1:45	And ye returned and wept before the LORD; but the LORD would not hearken to your voice, nor give ear unto you.
Deuteronomy 2:9	And the LORD said unto me, Distress not the Moabites, neither contend with them in battle: for I will not give thee of their land for a possession; because I have given Ar unto the children of Lot for a possession.
Deuteronomy 2:19	And when thou comest nigh over against the children of Ammon, distress them not, nor meddle with them: for I will not give thee of the land of the children of Ammon any possession; because I have given it unto the children of Lot for a possession.
Deuteronomy 2:29	(As the children of Esau which dwell in Seir, and the Moabites which dwell in Ar, did unto me;) until I shall pass over Jordan into the land which the LORD our God giveth us.
Deuteronomy 3:2	And the LORD said unto me, Fear him not: for I will deliver him, and all his people, and his land, into thy hand; and thou shalt do unto him as thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelt at Heshbon.
Deuteronomy 3:12	And this land, which we possessed at that time, from Aroer, which is by the river Arnon, and half mount Gilead, and the cities thereof, gave I unto the Reubenites and to the Gadites.
Deuteronomy 3:22	Ye shall not fear them: for the LORD your God he shall fight for you.
Deuteronomy 4:3	Your eyes have seen what the LORD did because of Baalpeor: for all the men that followed Baalpeor, the LORD thy God hath destroyed them from among you.
Deuteronomy 4:13	And he declared unto you his covenant, which he commanded you to perform, even ten commandments; and he wrote them upon two tables of stone.
Deuteronomy 4:23	Take heed unto yourselves, lest ye forget the covenant of the LORD your God, which he made with you, and make you a graven image, or the likeness of any thing, which the LORD thy God hath forbidden thee.
Deuteronomy 4:33	Did ever people hear the voice of God speaking out of the midst of the fire, as thou hast heard, and live?
Deuteronomy 4:43	Namely, Bezer in the wilderness, in the plain country, of the Reubenites; and Ramoth in Gilead, of the Gadites; and Golan in Bashan, of the Manassites.
Deuteronomy 5:4	The LORD talked with you face to face in the mount out of the midst of the fire,
Deuteronomy 5:14	But the seventh day is the sabbath of the LORD thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, nor thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thine ox, nor thine ass, nor any of thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; that thy manservant and thy maidservant may rest as well as thou.
Deuteronomy 5:24	And ye said, Behold, the LORD our God hath showed us his glory and his greatness, and we have heard his voice out of the midst of the fire: we have seen this day that God doth talk with man, and he liveth.
Deuteronomy 6:1	Now these are the commandments, the statutes, and the judgments, which the LORD your God commanded to teach you, that ye might do them in the land whither ye go to possess it:
Deuteronomy 6:11	And houses full of all good things, which thou filledst not, and wells digged, which thou diggedst not, vineyards and olive trees, which thou plantedst not; when thou shalt have eaten and be full;
Deuteronomy 6:21	Then thou shalt say unto thy son, We were Pharaoh's bondmen in Egypt; and the LORD brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand:
Deuteronomy 7:6	For thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God: the LORD thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people that are upon the face of the earth.
Deuteronomy 7:16	And thou shalt consume all the people which the LORD thy God shall deliver thee; thine eye shall have no pity upon them: neither shalt thou serve their gods; for that will be a snare unto thee.
Deuteronomy 7:26	Neither shalt thou bring an abomination into thine house, lest thou be a cursed thing like it: but thou shalt utterly detest it, and thou shalt utterly abhor it; for it is a cursed thing.
Deuteronomy 8:10	When thou hast eaten and art full, then thou shalt bless the LORD thy God for the good land which he hath given thee.
Deuteronomy 8:20	As the nations which the LORD destroyeth before your face, so shall ye perish; because ye would not be obedient unto the voice of the LORD your God.
Deuteronomy 9:10	And the LORD delivered unto me two tables of stone written with the finger of God; and on them was written according to all the words, which the LORD spake with you in the mount out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly.
Deuteronomy 9:20	And the LORD was very angry with Aaron to have destroyed him: and I prayed for Aaron also the same time.
Deuteronomy 10:1	At that time the LORD said unto me, Hew thee two tables of stone like unto the first, and come up unto me into the mount, and make thee an ark of wood.
Deuteronomy 10:11	And the LORD said unto me, Arise, take thy journey before the people, that they may go in and possess the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give unto them.
Deuteronomy 10:21	He is thy praise, and he is thy God, that hath done for thee these great and terrible things, which thine eyes have seen.
Deuteronomy 11:9	And that ye may prolong your days in the land, which the LORD sware unto your fathers to give unto them and to their seed, a land that floweth with milk and honey.
Deuteronomy 11:19	And ye shall teach them your children, speaking of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.
Deuteronomy 11:29	And it shall come to pass, when the LORD thy God hath brought thee in unto the land whither thou goest to possess it, that thou shalt put the blessing upon mount Gerizim, and the curse upon mount Ebal.
Deuteronomy 12:7	And there ye shall eat before the LORD your God, and ye shall rejoice in all that ye put your hand unto, ye and your households, wherein the LORD thy God hath blessed thee.
Deuteronomy 12:17	Thou mayest not eat within thy gates the tithe of thy corn, or of thy wine, or of thy oil, or the firstlings of thy herds or of thy flock, nor any of thy vows which thou vowest, nor thy freewill offerings, or heave offering of thine hand:
Deuteronomy 12:27	And thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings, the flesh and the blood, upon the altar of the LORD thy God: and the blood of thy sacrifices shall be poured out upon the altar of the LORD thy God, and thou shalt eat the flesh.
Deuteronomy 13:5	And that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams, shall be put to death; because he hath spoken to turn you away from the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed you out of the house of bondage, to thrust thee out of the way which the LORD thy God commanded thee to walk in. So shalt thou put the evil away from the midst of thee.
Deuteronomy 13:15	Thou shalt surely smite the inhabitants of that city with the edge of the sword, destroying it utterly, and all that is therein, and the cattle thereof, with the edge of the sword.
Deuteronomy 14:7	Nevertheless these ye shall not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them that divide the cloven hoof; as the camel, and the hare, and the coney: for they chew the cud, but divide not the hoof; therefore they are unclean unto you.
Deuteronomy 14:17	And the pelican, and the gier eagle, and the cormorant,
Deuteronomy 14:27	And the Levite that is within thy gates; thou shalt not forsake him; for he hath no part nor inheritance with thee.
Deuteronomy 15:8	But thou shalt open thine hand wide unto him, and shalt surely lend him sufficient for his need, in that which he wanteth.
Deuteronomy 15:18	It shall not seem hard unto thee, when thou sendest him away free from thee; for he hath been worth a double hired servant to thee, in serving thee six years: and the LORD thy God shall bless thee in all that thou doest.
Deuteronomy 16:5	Thou mayest not sacrifice the passover within any of thy gates, which the LORD thy God giveth thee:
Deuteronomy 16:15	Seven days shalt thou keep a solemn feast unto the LORD thy God in the place which the LORD shall choose: because the LORD thy God shall bless thee in all thine increase, and in all the works of thine hands, therefore thou shalt surely rejoice.
Deuteronomy 17:3	And hath gone and served other gods, and worshipped them, either the sun, or moon, or any of the host of heaven, which I have not commanded;
Deuteronomy 17:13	And all the people shall hear, and fear, and do no more presumptuously.
Deuteronomy 18:3	And this shall be the priest's due from the people, from them that offer a sacrifice, whether it be ox or sheep; and they shall give unto the priest the shoulder, and the two cheeks, and the maw.
Deuteronomy 18:13	Thou shalt be perfect with the LORD thy God.
Deuteronomy 19:1	When the LORD thy God hath cut off the nations, whose land the LORD thy God giveth thee, and thou succeedest them, and dwellest in their cities, and in their houses;
Deuteronomy 19:11	But if any man hate his neighbor, and lie in wait for him, and rise up against him, and smite him mortally that he die, and fleeth into one of these cities:
Deuteronomy 19:21	And thine eye shall not pity; but life shall go for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot.
Deuteronomy 20:10	When thou comest nigh unto a city to fight against it, then proclaim peace unto it.
Deuteronomy 20:20	Only the trees which thou knowest that they be not trees for meat, thou shalt destroy and cut them down; and thou shalt build bulwarks against the city that maketh war with thee, until it be subdued.
Deuteronomy 21:10	When thou goest forth to war against thine enemies, and the LORD thy God hath delivered them into thine hands, and thou hast taken them captive,
Deuteronomy 21:20	And they shall say unto the elders of his city, This our son is stubborn and rebellious, he will not obey our voice; he is a glutton, and a drunkard.
Deuteronomy 22:7	But thou shalt in any wise let the dam go, and take the young to thee; that it may be well with thee, and that thou mayest prolong thy days.
Deuteronomy 22:17	And, lo, he hath given occasions of speech against her, saying, I found not thy daughter a maid; and yet these are the tokens of my daughter's virginity. And they shall spread the cloth before the elders of the city.
Deuteronomy 22:27	For he found her in the field, and the betrothed damsel cried, and there was none to save her.
Deuteronomy 23:7	Thou shalt not abhor an Edomite; for he is thy brother: thou shalt not abhor an Egyptian; because thou wast a stranger in his land.
Deuteronomy 23:17	There shall be no whore of the daughters of Israel, nor a sodomite of the sons of Israel.
Deuteronomy 24:2	And when she is departed out of his house, she may go and be another man's wife.
Deuteronomy 24:12	And if the man be poor, thou shalt not sleep with his pledge:
Deuteronomy 24:22	And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in the land of Egypt: therefore I command thee to do this thing.
Deuteronomy 25:10	And his name shall be called in Israel, The house of him that hath his shoe loosed.
Deuteronomy 26:1	And it shall be, when thou art come in unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance, and possessest it, and dwellest therein;
Deuteronomy 26:11	And thou shalt rejoice in every good thing which the LORD thy God hath given unto thee, and unto thine house, thou, and the Levite, and the stranger that is among you.
Deuteronomy 27:2	And it shall be on the day when ye shall pass over Jordan unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, that thou shalt set thee up great stones, and plaster them with plaster:
Deuteronomy 27:12	These shall stand upon mount Gerizim to bless the people, when ye are come over Jordan; Simeon, and Levi, and Judah, and Issachar, and Joseph, and Benjamin:
Deuteronomy 27:22	Cursed be he that lieth with his sister, the daughter of his father, or the daughter of his mother. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Deuteronomy 28:6	Blessed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and blessed shalt thou be when thou goest out.
Deuteronomy 28:16	Cursed shalt thou be in the city, and cursed shalt thou be in the field.
Deuteronomy 28:26	And thy carcass shall be meat unto all fowls of the air, and unto the beasts of the earth, and no man shall fray them away.
Deuteronomy 28:36	The LORD shall bring thee, and thy king which thou shalt set over thee, unto a nation which neither thou nor thy fathers have known; and there shalt thou serve other gods, wood and stone.
Deuteronomy 28:46	And they shall be upon thee for a sign and for a wonder, and upon thy seed for ever.
Deuteronomy 28:56	The tender and delicate woman among you, which would not adventure to set the sole of her foot upon the ground for delicateness and tenderness, her eye shall be evil toward the husband of her bosom, and toward her son, and toward her daughter,
Deuteronomy 28:66	And thy life shall hang in doubt before thee; and thou shalt fear day and night, and shalt have none assurance of thy life:
Deuteronomy 29:8	And we took their land, and gave it for an inheritance unto the Reubenites, and to the Gadites, and to the half tribe of Manasseh.
Deuteronomy 29:18	Lest there should be among you man, or woman, or family, or tribe, whose heart turneth away this day from the LORD our God, to go and serve the gods of these nations; lest there should be among you a root that beareth gall and wormwood;
Deuteronomy 29:28	And the LORD rooted them out of their land in anger, and in wrath, and in great indignation, and cast them into another land, as it is this day.
Deuteronomy 30:9	And the LORD thy God will make thee plenteous in every work of thine hand, in the fruit of thy body, and in the fruit of thy cattle, and in the fruit of thy land, for good: for the LORD will again rejoice over thee for good, as he rejoiced over thy fathers:
Deuteronomy 30:19	I call heaven and earth to record this day against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing: therefore choose life, that both thou and thy seed may live:
Deuteronomy 31:9	And Moses wrote this law, and delivered it unto the priests the sons of Levi, which bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, and unto all the elders of Israel.
Deuteronomy 31:19	Now therefore write ye this song for you, and teach it the children of Israel: put it in their mouths, that this song may be a witness for me against the children of Israel.
Deuteronomy 31:29	For I know that after my death ye will utterly corrupt yourselves, and turn aside from the way which I have commanded you; and evil will befall you in the latter days; because ye will do evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger through the work of your hands.
Deuteronomy 32:9	For the LORD's portion is his people; Jacob is the lot of his inheritance.
Deuteronomy 32:19	And when the LORD saw it, he abhorred them, because of the provoking of his sons, and of his daughters.
Deuteronomy 32:29	O that they were wise, that they understood this, that they would consider their latter end!
Deuteronomy 32:39	See now that I, even I, am he, and there is no god with me: I kill, and I make alive; I wound, and I heal: neither is there any that can deliver out of my hand.
Deuteronomy 32:49	Get thee up into this mountain Abarim, unto mount Nebo, which is in the land of Moab, that is over against Jericho; and behold the land of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel for a possession:
Deuteronomy 33:7	And this is the blessing of Judah: and he said, Hear, LORD, the voice of Judah, and bring him unto his people: let his hands be sufficient for him; and be thou an help to him from his enemies.
Deuteronomy 33:17	His glory is like the firstling of his bullock, and his horns are like the horns of unicorns: with them he shall push the people together to the ends of the earth: and they are the ten thousands of Ephraim, and they are the thousands of Manasseh.
Deuteronomy 33:27	The eternal God is thy refuge, and underneath are the everlasting arms: and he shall thrust out the enemy from before thee; and shall say, Destroy them.
Deuteronomy 34:8	And the children of Israel wept for Moses in the plains of Moab thirty days: so the days of weeping and mourning for Moses were ended.
Joshua 1:6	Be strong and of a good courage: for unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give them.
Joshua 1:16	And they answered Joshua, saying, All that thou commandest us we will do, and whithersoever thou sendest us, we will go.
Joshua 2:8	And before they were laid down, she came up unto them upon the roof;
Joshua 2:18	Behold, when we come into the land, thou shalt bind this line of scarlet thread in the window which thou didst let us down by: and thou shalt bring thy father, and thy mother, and thy brethren, and all thy father's household, home unto thee.
Joshua 3:4	Yet there shall be a space between you and it, about two thousand cubits by measure: come not near unto it, that ye may know the way by which ye must go: for ye have not passed this way heretofore.
Joshua 3:14	And it came to pass, when the people removed from their tents, to pass over Jordan, and the priests bearing the ark of the covenant before the people;
Joshua 4:7	Then ye shall answer them, That the waters of Jordan were cut off before the ark of the covenant of the LORD; when it passed over Jordan, the waters of Jordan were cut off: and these stones shall be for a memorial unto the children of Israel for ever.
Joshua 4:17	Joshua therefore commanded the priests, saying, Come ye up out of Jordan.
Joshua 5:3	And Joshua made him sharp knives, and circumcised the children of Israel at the hill of the foreskins.
Joshua 5:13	And it came to pass, when Joshua was by Jericho, that he lifted up his eyes and looked, and, behold, there stood a man over against him with his sword drawn in his hand: and Joshua went unto him, and said unto him, Art thou for us, or for our adversaries?
Joshua 6:8	And it came to pass, when Joshua had spoken unto the people, that the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams' horns passed on before the LORD, and blew with the trumpets: and the ark of the covenant of the LORD followed them.
Joshua 6:18	And ye, in any wise keep yourselves from the accursed thing, lest ye make yourselves accursed, when ye take of the accursed thing, and make the camp of Israel a curse, and trouble it.
Joshua 7:1	But the children of Israel committed a trespass in the accursed thing: for Achan, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, took of the accursed thing: and the anger of the LORD was kindled against the children of Israel.
Joshua 7:11	Israel hath sinned, and they have also transgressed my covenant which I commanded them: for they have even taken of the accursed thing, and have also stolen, and dissembled also, and they have put it even among their own stuff.
Joshua 7:21	When I saw among the spoils a goodly Babylonish garment, and two hundred shekels of silver, and a wedge of gold of fifty shekels weight, then I coveted them, and took them; and, behold, they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent, and the silver under it.
Joshua 8:5	And I, and all the people that are with me, will approach unto the city: and it shall come to pass, when they come out against us, as at the first, that we will flee before them,
Joshua 8:15	And Joshua and all Israel made as if they were beaten before them, and fled by the way of the wilderness.
Joshua 8:25	And so it was, that all that fell that day, both of men and women, were twelve thousand, even all the men of Ai.
Joshua 8:35	There was not a word of all that Moses commanded, which Joshua read not before all the congregation of Israel, with the women, and the little ones, and the strangers that were conversant among them.
Joshua 9:10	And all that he did to the two kings of the Amorites, that were beyond Jordan, to Sihon king of Heshbon, and to Og king of Bashan, which was at Ashtaroth.
Joshua 9:20	This we will do to them; we will even let them live, lest wrath be upon us, because of the oath which we sware unto them.
Joshua 10:3	Wherefore Adonizedec king of Jerusalem, sent unto Hoham king of Hebron, and unto Piram king of Jarmuth, and unto Japhia king of Lachish, and unto Debir king of Eglon, saying,
Joshua 10:13	And the sun stood still, and the moon stayed, until the people had avenged themselves upon their enemies. Is not this written in the book of Jasher? So the sun stood still in the midst of heaven, and hasted not to go down about a whole day.
Joshua 10:23	And they did so, and brought forth those five kings unto him out of the cave, the king of Jerusalem, the king of Hebron, the king of Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, and the king of Eglon.
Joshua 10:33	Then Horam king of Gezer came up to help Lachish; and Joshua smote him and his people, until he had left him none remaining.
Joshua 10:43	And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, unto the camp to Gilgal.
Joshua 11:10	And Joshua at that time turned back, and took Hazor, and smote the king thereof with the sword: for Hazor beforetime was the head of all those kingdoms.
Joshua 11:20	For it was of the LORD to harden their hearts, that they should come against Israel in battle, that he might destroy them utterly, and that they might have no favor, but that he might destroy them, as the LORD commanded Moses.
Joshua 12:7	And these are the kings of the country which Joshua and the children of Israel smote on this side Jordan on the west, from Baalgad in the valley of Lebanon even unto the mount Halak, that goeth up to Seir; which Joshua gave unto the tribes of Israel for a possession according to their divisions;
Joshua 12:17	The king of Tappuah, one; the king of Hepher, one;
Joshua 13:3	From Sihor, which is before Egypt, even unto the borders of Ekron northward, which is counted to the Canaanite: five lords of the Philistines; the Gazathites, and the Ashdothites, the Eshkalonites, the Gittites, and the Ekronites; also the Avites:
Joshua 13:13	Nevertheless the children of Israel expelled not the Geshurites, nor the Maachathites: but the Geshurites and the Maachathites dwell among the Israelites until this day.
Joshua 13:23	And the border of the children of Reuben was Jordan, and the border thereof. This was the inheritance of the children of Reuben after their families, the cities and the villages thereof.
Joshua 13:33	But unto the tribe of Levi Moses gave not any inheritance: the LORD God of Israel was their inheritance, as he said unto them.
Joshua 14:10	And now, behold, the LORD hath kept me alive, as he said, these forty and five years, even since the LORD spake this word unto Moses, while the children of Israel wandered in the wilderness: and now, lo, I am this day fourscore and five years old.
Joshua 15:5	And the east border was the salt sea, even unto the end of Jordan. And their border in the north quarter was from the bay of the sea at the uttermost part of Jordan:
Joshua 15:15	And he went up thence to the inhabitants of Debir: and the name of Debir before was Kirjathsepher.
Joshua 15:25	And Hazor, Hadattah, and Kerioth, and Hezron, which is Hazor,
Joshua 15:35	Jarmuth, and Adullam, Socoh, and Azekah,
Joshua 15:45	Ekron, with her towns and her villages:
Joshua 15:55	Maon, Carmel, and Ziph, and Juttah,
Joshua 16:2	And goeth out from Bethel to Luz, and passeth along unto the borders of Archi to Ataroth,
Joshua 17:2	There was also a lot for the rest of the children of Manasseh by their families; for the children of Abiezer, and for the children of Helek, and for the children of Asriel, and for the children of Shechem, and for the children of Hepher, and for the children of Shemida: these were the male children of Manasseh the son of Joseph by their families.
Joshua 17:12	Yet the children of Manasseh could not drive out the inhabitants of those cities; but the Canaanites would dwell in that land.
Joshua 18:4	Give out from among you three men for each tribe: and I will send them, and they shall rise, and go through the land, and describe it according to the inheritance of them; and they shall come again to me.
Joshua 18:14	And the border was drawn thence, and compassed the corner of the sea southward, from the hill that lieth before Bethhoron southward; and the goings out thereof were at Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, a city of the children of Judah: this was the west quarter.
Joshua 18:24	And Chepharhaammonai, and Ophni, and Gaba; twelve cities with their villages:
Joshua 19:6	And Bethlebaoth, and Sharuhen; thirteen cities and their villages:
Joshua 19:16	This is the inheritance of the children of Zebulun according to their families, these cities with their villages.
Joshua 19:26	And Alammelech, and Amad, and Misheal; and reacheth to Carmel westward, and to Shihorlibnath;
Joshua 19:36	And Adamah, and Ramah, and Hazor,
Joshua 19:46	And Mejarkon, and Rakkon, with the border before Japho.
Joshua 20:5	And if the avenger of blood pursue after him, then they shall not deliver the slayer up into his hand; because he smote his neighbor unwittingly, and hated him not beforetime.
Joshua 21:6	And the children of Gershon had by lot out of the families of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the half tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities.
Joshua 21:16	And Ain with her suburbs, and Juttah with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs; nine cities out of those two tribes.
Joshua 21:26	All the cities were ten with their suburbs for the families of the children of Kohath that remained.
Joshua 21:36	And out of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer with her suburbs, and Jahazah with her suburbs,
Joshua 22:1	Then Joshua called the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh,
Joshua 22:11	And the children of Israel heard say, Behold, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh have built an altar over against the land of Canaan, in the borders of Jordan, at the passage of the children of Israel.
Joshua 22:21	Then the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh answered, and said unto the heads of the thousands of Israel,
Joshua 22:31	And Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest said unto the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the children of Manasseh, This day we perceive that the LORD is among us, because ye have not committed this trespass against the LORD: now ye have delivered the children of Israel out of the hand of the LORD.
Joshua 23:7	That ye come not among these nations, these that remain among you; neither make mention of the name of their gods, nor cause to swear by them, neither serve them, nor bow yourselves unto them:
Joshua 24:1	And Joshua gathered all the tribes of Israel to Shechem, and called for the elders of Israel, and for their heads, and for their judges, and for their officers; and they presented themselves before God.
Joshua 24:11	And you went over Jordan, and came unto Jericho: and the men of Jericho fought against you, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Girgashites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites; and I delivered them into your hand.
Joshua 24:21	And the people said unto Joshua, Nay; but we will serve the LORD.
Joshua 24:31	And Israel served the LORD all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the elders that overlived Joshua, and which had known all the works of the LORD, that he had done for Israel.
Judges 1:8	Now the children of Judah had fought against Jerusalem, and had taken it, and smitten it with the edge of the sword, and set the city on fire.
Judges 1:18	Also Judah took Gaza with the coast thereof, and Askelon with the coast thereof, and Ekron with the coast thereof.
Judges 1:28	And it came to pass, when Israel was strong, that they put the Canaanites to tribute, and did not utterly drive them out.
Judges 2:2	And ye shall make no league with the inhabitants of this land; ye shall throw down their altars: but ye have not obeyed my voice: why have ye done this?
Judges 2:12	And they forsook the LORD God of their fathers, which brought them out of the land of Egypt, and followed other gods, of the gods of the people that were round about them, and bowed themselves unto them, and provoked the LORD to anger.
Judges 2:22	That through them I may prove Israel, whether they will keep the way of the LORD to walk therein, as their fathers did keep it, or not.
Judges 3:9	And when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD, the LORD raised up a deliverer to the children of Israel, who delivered them, even Othniel the son of Kenaz, Caleb's younger brother.
Judges 3:19	But he himself turned again from the quarries that were by Gilgal, and said, I have a secret errand unto thee, O king: who said, Keep silence. And all that stood by him went out from him.
Judges 3:29	And they slew of Moab at that time about ten thousand men, all lusty, and all men of valor; and there escaped not a man.
Judges 4:8	And Barak said unto her, If thou wilt go with me, then I will go: but if thou wilt not go with me, then I will not go.
Judges 4:18	And Jael went out to meet Sisera, and said unto him, Turn in, my lord, turn in to me; fear not. And when he had turned in unto her into the tent, she covered him with a mantle.
Judges 5:4	LORD, when thou wentest out of Seir, when thou marchedst out of the field of Edom, the earth trembled, and the heavens dropped, the clouds also dropped water.
Judges 5:14	Out of Ephraim was there a root of them against Amalek; after thee, Benjamin, among thy people; out of Machir came down governors, and out of Zebulun they that handle the pen of the writer.
Judges 5:24	Blessed above women shall Jael the wife of Heber the Kenite be, blessed shall she be above women in the tent.
Judges 6:3	And so it was, when Israel had sown, that the Midianites came up, and the Amalekites, and the children of the east, even they came up against them;
Judges 6:13	And Gideon said unto him, Oh my Lord, if the LORD be with us, why then is all this befallen us? and where be all his miracles which our fathers told us of, saying, Did not the LORD bring us up from Egypt? but now the LORD hath forsaken us, and delivered us into the hands of the Midianites.
Judges 6:23	And the LORD said unto him, Peace be unto thee; fear not: thou shalt not die.
Judges 6:33	Then all the Midianites and the Amalekites and the children of the east were gathered together, and went over, and pitched in the valley of Jezreel.
Judges 7:3	Now therefore go to, proclaim in the ears of the people, saying, Whosoever is fearful and afraid, let him return and depart early from mount Gilead. And there returned of the people twenty and two thousand; and there remained ten thousand.
Judges 7:13	And when Gideon was come, behold, there was a man that told a dream unto his fellow, and said, Behold, I dreamed a dream, and, lo, a cake of barley bread tumbled into the host of Midian, and came unto a tent, and smote it that it fell, and overturned it, that the tent lay along.
Judges 7:23	And the men of Israel gathered themselves together out of Naphtali, and out of Asher, and out of all Manasseh, and pursued after the Midianites.
Judges 8:8	And he went up thence to Penuel, and spake unto them likewise: and the men of Penuel answered him as the men of Succoth had answered him.
Judges 8:18	Then said he unto Zebah and Zalmunna, What manner of men were they whom ye slew at Tabor? And they answered, As thou art, so were they; each one resembled the children of a king.
Judges 8:28	Thus was Midian subdued before the children of Israel, so that they lifted up their heads no more. And the country was in quietness forty years in the days of Gideon.
Judges 9:3	And his mother's brethren spake of him in the ears of all the men of Shechem all these words: and their hearts inclined to follow Abimelech; for they said, He is our brother.
Judges 9:13	And the vine said unto them, Should I leave my wine, which cheereth God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees?
Judges 9:23	Then God sent an evil spirit between Abimelech and the men of Shechem; and the men of Shechem dealt treacherously with Abimelech:
Judges 9:33	And it shall be, that in the morning, as soon as the sun is up, thou shalt rise early, and set upon the city: and, behold, when he and the people that is with him come out against thee, then mayest thou do to them as thou shalt find occasion.
Judges 9:43	And he took the people, and divided them into three companies, and laid wait in the field, and looked, and, behold, the people were come forth out of the city; and he rose up against them, and smote them.
Judges 9:53	And a certain woman cast a piece of a millstone upon Abimelech's head, and all to brake his skull.
Judges 10:6	And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the LORD, and served Baalim, and Ashtaroth, and the gods of Syria, and the gods of Zidon, and the gods of Moab, and the gods of the children of Ammon, and the gods of the Philistines, and forsook the LORD, and served not him.
Judges 10:16	And they put away the strange gods from among them, and served the LORD: and his soul was grieved for the misery of Israel.
Judges 11:8	And the elders of Gilead said unto Jephthah, Therefore we turn again to thee now, that thou mayest go with us, and fight against the children of Ammon, and be our head over all the inhabitants of Gilead.
Judges 11:18	Then they went along through the wilderness, and compassed the land of Edom, and the land of Moab, and came by the east side of the land of Moab, and pitched on the other side of Arnon, but came not within the border of Moab: for Arnon was the border of Moab.
Judges 11:28	Howbeit the king of the children of Ammon hearkened not unto the words of Jephthah which he sent him.
Judges 11:38	And he said, Go. And he sent her away for two months: and she went with her companions, and bewailed her virginity upon the mountains.
Judges 12:8	And after him Ibzan of Bethlehem judged Israel.
Judges 13:3	And the angel of the LORD appeared unto the woman, and said unto her, Behold now, thou art barren, and bearest not: but thou shalt conceive, and bear a son.
Judges 13:13	And the angel of the LORD said unto Manoah, Of all that I said unto the woman let her beware.
Judges 13:23	But his wife said unto him, If the LORD were pleased to kill us, he would not have received a burnt offering and a meat offering at our hands, neither would he have showed us all these things, nor would as at this time have told us such things as these.
Judges 14:8	And after a time he returned to take her, and he turned aside to see the carcass of the lion: and, behold, there was a swarm of bees and honey in the carcass of the lion.
Judges 14:18	And the men of the city said unto him on the seventh day before the sun went down, What is sweeter than honey? And what is stronger than a lion? and he said unto them, If ye had not plowed with my heifer, ye had not found out my riddle.
Judges 15:8	And he smote them hip and thigh with a great slaughter: and he went down and dwelt in the top of the rock Etam.
Judges 15:18	And he was sore athirst, and called on the LORD, and said, Thou hast given this great deliverance into the hand of thy servant: and now shall I die for thirst, and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised?
Judges 16:8	Then the lords of the Philistines brought up to her seven green withes which had not been dried, and she bound him with them.
Judges 16:18	And when Delilah saw that he had told her all his heart, she sent and called for the lords of the Philistines, saying, Come up this once, for he hath showed me all his heart. Then the lords of the Philistines came up unto her, and brought money in their hand.
Judges 16:28	And Samson called unto the LORD, and said, O Lord God, remember me, I pray thee, and strengthen me, I pray thee, only this once, O God, that I may be at once avenged of the Philistines for my two eyes.
Judges 17:7	And there was a young man out of Bethlehemjudah of the family of Judah, who was a Levite, and he sojourned there.
Judges 18:4	And he said unto them, Thus and thus dealeth Micah with me, and hath hired me, and I am his priest.
Judges 18:14	Then answered the five men that went to spy out the country of Laish, and said unto their brethren, Do ye know that there is in these houses an ephod, and teraphim, and a graven image, and a molten image? now therefore consider what ye have to do.
Judges 18:24	And he said, Ye have taken away my gods which I made, and the priest, and ye are gone away: and what have I more? and what is this that ye say unto me, What aileth thee?
Judges 19:3	And her husband arose, and went after her, to speak friendly unto her, and to bring her again, having his servant with him, and a couple of asses: and she brought him into her father's house: and when the father of the damsel saw him, he rejoiced to meet him.
Judges 19:13	And he said unto his servant, Come, and let us draw near to one of these places to lodge all night, in Gibeah, or in Ramah.
Judges 19:23	And the man, the master of the house, went out unto them, and said unto them, Nay, my brethren, nay, I pray you, do not so wickedly; seeing that this man is come into mine house, do not this folly.
Judges 20:3	(Now the children of Benjamin heard that the children of Israel were gone up to Mizpeh.) Then said the children of Israel, Tell us, how was this wickedness?
Judges 20:13	Now therefore deliver us the men, the children of Belial, which are in Gibeah, that we may put them to death, and put away evil from Israel. But the children of Benjamin would not hearken to the voice of their brethren the children of Israel.
Judges 20:23	(And the children of Israel went up and wept before the LORD until even, and asked counsel of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up again to battle against the children of Benjamin my brother? And the LORD said, Go up against him.)
Judges 20:33	And all the men of Israel rose up out of their place, and put themselves in array at Baaltamar: and the liers in wait of Israel came forth out of their places, even out of the meadows of Gibeah.
Judges 20:43	Thus they inclosed the Benjamites round about, and chased them, and trode them down with ease over against Gibeah toward the sunrising.
Judges 21:5	And the children of Israel said, Who is there among all the tribes of Israel that came not up with the congregation unto the LORD? For they had made a great oath concerning him that came not up to the LORD to Mizpeh, saying, He shall surely be put to death.
Judges 21:15	And the people repented them for Benjamin, because that the LORD had made a breach in the tribes of Israel.
Judges 21:25	In those days there was no king in Israel: every man did that which was right in his own eyes.
Ruth 1:10	And they said unto her, Surely we will return with thee unto thy people.
Ruth 1:20	And she said unto them, Call me not Naomi, call me Mara: for the Almighty hath dealt very bitterly with me.
Ruth 2:8	Then said Boaz unto Ruth, Hearest thou not, my daughter? Go not to glean in another field, neither go from hence, but abide here fast by my maidens:
Ruth 2:18	And she took it up, and went into the city: and her mother in law saw what she had gleaned: and she brought forth, and gave to her that she had reserved after she was sufficed.
Ruth 3:5	And she said unto her, All that thou sayest unto me I will do.
Ruth 3:15	Also he said, Bring the vail that thou hast upon thee, and hold it. And when she held it, he measured six measures of barley, and laid it on her: and she went into the city.
Ruth 4:7	Now this was the manner in former time in Israel concerning redeeming and concerning changing, for to confirm all things; a man plucked off his shoe, and gave it to his neighbor: and this was a testimony in Israel.
Ruth 4:17	And the women her neighbors gave it a name, saying, There is a son born to Naomi; and they called his name Obed: he is the father of Jesse, the father of David.
1 Samuel 1:5	But unto Hannah he gave a worthy portion; for he loved Hannah: but the LORD had shut up her womb.
1 Samuel 1:15	And Hannah answered and said, No, my lord, I am a woman of a sorrowful spirit: I have drunk neither wine nor strong drink, but have poured out my soul before the LORD.
1 Samuel 1:25	And they slew a bullock, and brought the child to Eli.
1 Samuel 2:7	The LORD maketh poor, and maketh rich: he bringeth low, and lifteth up.
1 Samuel 2:17	Wherefore the sin of the young men was very great before the LORD: for men abhorred the offering of the LORD.
1 Samuel 2:27	And there came a man of God unto Eli, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Did I plainly appear unto the house of thy father, when they were in Egypt in Pharaoh's house?
1 Samuel 3:1	And the child Samuel ministered unto the LORD before Eli. And the word of the LORD was precious in those days; there was no open vision.
1 Samuel 3:11	And the LORD said to Samuel, Behold, I will do a thing in Israel, at which both the ears of every one that heareth it shall tingle.
1 Samuel 3:21	And the LORD appeared again in Shiloh: for the LORD revealed himself to Samuel in Shiloh by the word of the LORD.
1 Samuel 4:10	And the Philistines fought, and Israel was smitten, and they fled every man into his tent: and there was a very great slaughter; for there fell of Israel thirty thousand footmen.
1 Samuel 4:20	And about the time of her death the women that stood by her said unto her, Fear not; for thou hast born a son. But she answered not, neither did she regard it.
1 Samuel 5:8	They sent therefore and gathered all the lords of the Philistines unto them, and said, What shall we do with the ark of the God of Israel? And they answered, Let the ark of the God of Israel be carried about unto Gath. And they carried the ark of the God of Israel about thither.
1 Samuel 6:6	Wherefore then do ye harden your hearts, as the Egyptians and Pharaoh hardened their hearts? when he had wrought wonderfully among them, did they not let the people go, and they departed?
1 Samuel 6:16	And when the five lords of the Philistines had seen it, they returned to Ekron the same day.
1 Samuel 7:5	And Samuel said, Gather all Israel to Mizpeh, and I will pray for you unto the LORD.
1 Samuel 7:15	And Samuel judged Israel all the days of his life.
1 Samuel 8:8	According to all the works which they have done since the day that I brought them up out of Egypt even unto this day, wherewith they have forsaken me, and served other gods, so do they also unto thee.
1 Samuel 8:18	And ye shall cry out in that day because of your king which ye shall have chosen you; and the LORD will not hear you in that day.
1 Samuel 9:6	And he said unto him, Behold now, there is in this city a man of God, and he is an honorable man; all that he saith cometh surely to pass: now let us go thither; peradventure he can show us our way that we should go.
1 Samuel 9:16	To morrow about this time I will send thee a man out of the land of Benjamin, and thou shalt anoint him to be captain over my people Israel, that he may save my people out of the hand of the Philistines: for I have looked upon my people, because their cry is come unto me.
1 Samuel 9:26	And they arose early: and it came to pass about the spring of the day, that Samuel called Saul to the top of the house, saying, Up, that I may send thee away. And Saul arose, and they went out both of them, he and Samuel, abroad.
1 Samuel 10:9	And it was so, that when he had turned his back to go from Samuel, God gave him another heart: and all those signs came to pass that day.
1 Samuel 10:19	And ye have this day rejected your God, who himself saved you out of all your adversities and your tribulations; and ye have said unto him, Nay, but set a king over us. Now therefore present yourselves before the LORD by your tribes, and by your thousands.
1 Samuel 11:2	And Nahash the Ammonite answered them, On this condition will I make a covenant with you, that I may thrust out all your right eyes, and lay it for a reproach upon all Israel.
1 Samuel 11:12	And the people said unto Samuel, Who is he that said, Shall Saul reign over us? bring the men, that we may put them to death.
1 Samuel 12:7	Now therefore stand still, that I may reason with you before the LORD of all the righteous acts of the LORD, which he did to you and to your fathers.
1 Samuel 12:17	Is it not wheat harvest to day? I will call unto the LORD, and he shall send thunder and rain; that ye may perceive and see that your wickedness is great, which ye have done in the sight of the LORD, in asking you a king.
1 Samuel 13:2	Saul chose him three thousand men of Israel; whereof two thousand were with Saul in Michmash and in mount Bethel, and a thousand were with Jonathan in Gibeah of Benjamin: and the rest of the people he sent every man to his tent.
1 Samuel 13:12	Therefore said I, The Philistines will come down now upon me to Gilgal, and I have not made supplication unto the LORD: I forced myself therefore, and offered a burnt offering.
1 Samuel 13:22	So it came to pass in the day of battle, that there was neither sword nor spear found in the hand of any of the people that were with Saul and Jonathan: but with Saul and with Jonathan his son was there found.
1 Samuel 14:9	If they say thus unto us, Tarry until we come to you; then we will stand still in our place, and will not go up unto them.
1 Samuel 14:19	And it came to pass, while Saul talked unto the priest, that the noise that was in the host of the Philistines went on and increased: and Saul said unto the priest, Withdraw thine hand.
1 Samuel 14:29	Then said Jonathan, My father hath troubled the land: see, I pray you, how mine eyes have been enlightened, because I tasted a little of this honey.
1 Samuel 14:39	For, as the LORD liveth, which saveth Israel, though it be in Jonathan my son, he shall surely die. But there was not a man among all the people that answered him.
1 Samuel 14:49	Now the sons of Saul were Jonathan, and Ishui, and Melchishua: and the names of his two daughters were these; the name of the firstborn Merab, and the name of the younger Michal:
1 Samuel 15:7	And Saul smote the Amalekites from Havilah until thou comest to Shur, that is over against Egypt.
1 Samuel 15:17	And Samuel said, When thou wast little in thine own sight, wast thou not made the head of the tribes of Israel, and the LORD anointed thee king over Israel?
1 Samuel 15:27	And as Samuel turned about to go away, he laid hold upon the skirt of his mantle, and it rent.
1 Samuel 16:2	And Samuel said, How can I go? if Saul hear it, he will kill me. And the LORD said, Take an heifer with thee, and say, I am come to sacrifice to the LORD.
1 Samuel 16:12	And he sent, and brought him in. Now he was ruddy, and withal of a beautiful countenance, and goodly to look to. And the LORD said, Arise, anoint him: for this is he.
1 Samuel 16:22	And Saul sent to Jesse, saying, Let David, I pray thee, stand before me; for he hath found favor in my sight.
1 Samuel 17:9	If he be able to fight with me, and to kill me, then will we be your servants: but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then shall ye be our servants, and serve us.
1 Samuel 17:19	Now Saul, and they, and all the men of Israel, were in the valley of Elah, fighting with the Philistines.
1 Samuel 17:29	And David said, What have I now done? Is there not a cause?
1 Samuel 17:39	And David girded his sword upon his armor, and he assayed to go; for he had not proved it. And David said unto Saul, I cannot go with these; for I have not proved them. And David put them off him.
1 Samuel 17:49	And David put his hand in his bag, and took thence a stone, and slang it, and smote the Philistine in his forehead, that the stone sunk into his forehead; and he fell upon his face to the earth.
1 Samuel 18:1	And it came to pass, when he had made an end of speaking unto Saul, that the soul of Jonathan was knit with the soul of David, and Jonathan loved him as his own soul.
1 Samuel 18:11	And Saul cast the javelin; for he said, I will smite David even to the wall with it. And David avoided out of his presence twice.
1 Samuel 18:21	And Saul said, I will give him her, that she may be a snare to him, and that the hand of the Philistines may be against him. Wherefore Saul said to David, Thou shalt this day be my son in law in the one of the twain.
1 Samuel 19:1	And Saul spake to Jonathan his son, and to all his servants, that they should kill David.
1 Samuel 19:11	Saul also sent messengers unto David's house, to watch him, and to slay him in the morning: and Michal David's wife told him, saying, If thou save not thy life to night, to morrow thou shalt be slain.
1 Samuel 19:21	And when it was told Saul, he sent other messengers, and they prophesied likewise. And Saul sent messengers again the third time, and they prophesied also.
1 Samuel 20:7	If he say thus, It is well; thy servant shall have peace: but if he be very wroth, then be sure that evil is determined by him.
1 Samuel 20:17	And Jonathan caused David to swear again, because he loved him: for he loved him as he loved his own soul.
1 Samuel 20:27	And it came to pass on the morrow, which was the second day of the month, that David's place was empty: and Saul said unto Jonathan his son, Wherefore cometh not the son of Jesse to meat, neither yesterday, nor to day?
1 Samuel 20:37	And when the lad was come to the place of the arrow which Jonathan had shot, Jonathan cried after the lad, and said, Is not the arrow beyond thee?
1 Samuel 21:5	And David answered the priest, and said unto him, Of a truth women have been kept from us about these three days, since I came out, and the vessels of the young men are holy, and the bread is in a manner common, yea, though it were sanctified this day in the vessel.
1 Samuel 21:15	Have I need of mad men, that ye have brought this fellow to play the mad man in my presence? shall this fellow come into my house?
1 Samuel 22:10	And he inquired of the LORD for him, and gave him victuals, and gave him the sword of Goliath the Philistine.
1 Samuel 22:20	And one of the sons of Ahimelech the son of Ahitub, named Abiathar, escaped, and fled after David.
1 Samuel 23:7	And it was told Saul that David was come to Keilah. And Saul said, God hath delivered him into mine hand; for he is shut in, by entering into a town that hath gates and bars.
1 Samuel 23:17	And he said unto him, Fear not: for the hand of Saul my father shall not find thee; and thou shalt be king over Israel, and I shall be next unto thee; and that also Saul my father knoweth.
1 Samuel 23:27	But there came a messenger unto Saul, saying, Haste thee, and come; for the Philistines have invaded the land.
1 Samuel 24:8	David also arose afterward, and went out of the cave, and cried after Saul, saying, My lord the king. And when Saul looked behind him, David stooped with his face to the earth, and bowed himself.
1 Samuel 24:18	And thou hast showed this day how that thou hast dealt well with me: forasmuch as when the LORD had delivered me into thine hand, thou killedst me not.
1 Samuel 25:6	And thus shall ye say to him that liveth in prosperity, Peace be both to thee, and peace be to thine house, and peace be unto all that thou hast.
1 Samuel 25:16	They were a wall unto us both by night and day, all the while we were with them keeping the sheep.
1 Samuel 25:26	Now therefore, my lord, as the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, seeing the LORD hath withholden thee from coming to shed blood, and from avenging thyself with thine own hand, now let thine enemies, and they that seek evil to my lord, be as Nabal.
1 Samuel 25:36	And Abigail came to Nabal; and, behold, he held a feast in his house, like the feast of a king; and Nabal's heart was merry within him, for he was very drunken: wherefore she told him nothing, less or more, until the morning light.
1 Samuel 26:2	Then Saul arose, and went down to the wilderness of Ziph, having three thousand chosen men of Israel with him, to seek David in the wilderness of Ziph.
1 Samuel 26:12	So David took the spear and the cruse of water from Saul's bolster; and they gat them away, and no man saw it, nor knew it, neither awaked: for they were all asleep; because a deep sleep from the LORD was fallen upon them.
1 Samuel 26:22	And David answered and said, Behold the king's spear! and let one of the young men come over and fetch it.
1 Samuel 27:7	And the time that David dwelt in the country of the Philistines was a full year and four months.
1 Samuel 28:5	And when Saul saw the host of the Philistines, he was afraid, and his heart greatly trembled.
1 Samuel 28:15	And Samuel said to Saul, Why hast thou disquieted me, to bring me up? And Saul answered, I am sore distressed; for the Philistines make war against me, and God is departed from me, and answereth me no more, neither by prophets, nor by dreams: therefore I have called thee, that thou mayest make known unto me what I shall do.
1 Samuel 28:25	And she brought it before Saul, and before his servants; and they did eat. Then they rose up, and went away that night.
1 Samuel 29:10	Wherefore now rise up early in the morning with thy master's servants that are come with thee: and as soon as ye be up early in the morning, and have light, depart.
1 Samuel 30:9	So David went, he and the six hundred men that were with him, and came to the brook Besor, where those that were left behind stayed.
1 Samuel 30:19	And there was nothing lacking to them, neither small nor great, neither sons nor daughters, neither spoil, nor any thing that they had taken to them: David recovered all.
1 Samuel 30:29	And to them which were in Rachal, and to them which were in the cities of the Jerahmeelites, and to them which were in the cities of the Kenites,
1 Samuel 31:8	And it came to pass on the morrow, when the Philistines came to strip the slain, that they found Saul and his three sons fallen in mount Gilboa.
2 Samuel 1:5	And David said unto the young man that told him, How knowest thou that Saul and Jonathan his son be dead?
2 Samuel 1:15	And David called one of the young men, and said, Go near, and fall upon him. And he smote him that he died.
2 Samuel 1:25	How are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle! O Jonathan, thou wast slain in thine high places.
2 Samuel 2:8	But Abner the son of Ner, captain of Saul's host, took Ishbosheth the son of Saul, and brought him over to Mahanaim;
2 Samuel 2:18	And there were three sons of Zeruiah there, Joab, and Abishai, and Asahel: and Asahel was as light of foot as a wild roe.
2 Samuel 2:28	So Joab blew a trumpet, and all the people stood still, and pursued after Israel no more, neither fought they any more.
2 Samuel 3:6	And it came to pass, while there was war between the house of Saul and the house of David, that Abner made himself strong for the house of Saul.
2 Samuel 3:16	And her husband went with her along weeping behind her to Bahurim. Then said Abner unto him, Go, return. And he returned.
2 Samuel 3:26	And when Joab was come out from David, he sent messengers after Abner, which brought him again from the well of Sirah: but David knew it not.
2 Samuel 3:36	And all the people took notice of it, and it pleased them: as whatsoever the king did pleased all the people.
2 Samuel 4:7	For when they came into the house, he lay on his bed in his bedchamber, and they smote him, and slew him, and beheaded him, and took his head, and gat them away through the plain all night.
2 Samuel 5:5	In Hebron he reigned over Judah seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years over all Israel and Judah.
2 Samuel 5:15	Ibhar also, and Elishua, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
2 Samuel 5:25	And David did so, as the LORD had commanded him; and smote the Philistines from Geba until thou come to Gazer.
2 Samuel 6:10	So David would not remove the ark of the LORD unto him into the city of David: but David carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite.
2 Samuel 6:20	Then David returned to bless his household. And Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet David, and said, How glorious was the king of Israel to day, who uncovered himself to day in the eyes of the handmaids of his servants, as one of the vain fellows shamelessly uncovereth himself!
2 Samuel 7:7	In all the places wherein I have walked with all the children of Israel spake I a word with any of the tribes of Israel, whom I commanded to feed my people Israel, saying, Why build ye not me an house of cedar?
2 Samuel 7:17	According to all these words, and according to all this vision, so did Nathan speak unto David.
2 Samuel 7:27	For thou, O LORD of hosts, God of Israel, hast revealed to thy servant, saying, I will build thee an house: therefore hath thy servant found in his heart to pray this prayer unto thee.
2 Samuel 8:8	And from Betah, and from Berothai, cities of Hadadezer, king David took exceeding much brass.
2 Samuel 8:18	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over both the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and David's sons were chief rulers.
2 Samuel 9:10	Thou therefore, and thy sons, and thy servants, shall till the land for him, and thou shalt bring in the fruits, that thy master's son may have food to eat: but Mephibosheth thy master's son shall eat bread alway at my table. Now Ziba had fifteen sons and twenty servants.
2 Samuel 10:7	And when David heard of it, he sent Joab, and all the host of the mighty men.
2 Samuel 10:17	And when it was told David, he gathered all Israel together, and passed over Jordan, and came to Helam. And the Syrians set themselves in array against David, and fought with him.
2 Samuel 11:8	And David said to Uriah, Go down to thy house, and wash thy feet. And Uriah departed out of the king's house, and there followed him a mess of meat from the king.
2 Samuel 11:18	Then Joab sent and told David all the things concerning the war;
2 Samuel 12:1	And the LORD sent Nathan unto David. And he came unto him, and said unto him, There were two men in one city; the one rich, and the other poor.
2 Samuel 12:11	Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will raise up evil against thee out of thine own house, and I will take thy wives before thine eyes, and give them unto thy neighbor, and he shall lie with thy wives in the sight of this sun.
2 Samuel 12:21	Then said his servants unto him, What thing is this that thou hast done? thou didst fast and weep for the child, while it was alive; but when the child was dead, thou didst rise and eat bread.
2 Samuel 12:31	And he brought forth the people that were therein, and put them under saws, and under harrows of iron, and under axes of iron, and made them pass through the brick-kiln: and thus did he unto all the cities of the children of Ammon. So David and all the people returned unto Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 13:10	And Amnon said unto Tamar, Bring the meat into the chamber, that I may eat of thine hand. And Tamar took the cakes which she had made, and brought them into the chamber to Amnon her brother.
2 Samuel 13:20	And Absalom her brother said unto her, Hath Amnon thy brother been with thee? but hold now thy peace, my sister: he is thy brother; regard not this thing. So Tamar remained desolate in her brother Absalom's house.
2 Samuel 13:30	And it came to pass, while they were in the way, that tidings came to David, saying, Absalom hath slain all the king's sons, and there is not one of them left.
2 Samuel 14:1	Now Joab the son of Zeruiah perceived that the king's heart was toward Absalom.
2 Samuel 14:11	Then said she, I pray thee, let the king remember the LORD thy God, that thou wouldest not suffer the revengers of blood to destroy any more, lest they destroy my son. And he said, As the LORD liveth, there shall not one hair of thy son fall to the earth.
2 Samuel 14:21	And the king said unto Joab, Behold now, I have done this thing: go therefore, bring the young man Absalom again.
2 Samuel 14:31	Then Joab arose, and came to Absalom unto his house, and said unto him, Wherefore have thy servants set my field on fire?
2 Samuel 15:8	For thy servant vowed a vow while I abode at Geshur in Syria, saying, If the LORD shall bring me again indeed to Jerusalem, then I will serve the LORD.
2 Samuel 15:18	And all his servants passed on beside him; and all the Cherethites, and all the Pelethites, and all the Gittites, six hundred men which came after him from Gath, passed on before the king.
2 Samuel 15:28	See, I will tarry in the plain of the wilderness, until there come word from you to certify me.
2 Samuel 16:1	And when David was a little past the top of the hill, behold, Ziba the servant of Mephibosheth met him, with a couple of asses saddled, and upon them two hundred loaves of bread, and an hundred bunches of raisins, and an hundred of summer fruits, and a bottle of wine.
2 Samuel 16:11	And David said to Abishai, and to all his servants, Behold, my son, which came forth of my bowels, seeketh my life: how much more now may this Benjamite do it? let him alone, and let him curse; for the LORD hath bidden him.
2 Samuel 16:21	And Ahithophel said unto Absalom, Go in unto thy father's concubines, which he hath left to keep the house; and all Israel shall hear that thou art abhorred of thy father: then shall the hands of all that are with thee be strong.
2 Samuel 17:8	For, said Hushai, thou knowest thy father and his men, that they be mighty men, and they be chafed in their minds, as a bear robbed of her whelps in the field: and thy father is a man of war, and will not lodge with the people.
2 Samuel 17:18	Nevertheless a lad saw them, and told Absalom: but they went both of them away quickly, and came to a man's house in Bahurim, which had a well in his court; whither they went down.
2 Samuel 17:28	Brought beds, and basins, and earthen vessels, and wheat, and barley, and flour, and parched corn, and beans, and lentils, and parched pulse,
2 Samuel 18:9	And Absalom met the servants of David. And Absalom rode upon a mule, and the mule went under the thick boughs of a great oak, and his head caught hold of the oak, and he was taken up between the heaven and the earth; and the mule that was under him went away.
2 Samuel 18:19	Then said Ahimaaz the son of Zadok, Let me now run, and bear the king tidings, how that the LORD hath avenged him of his enemies.
2 Samuel 18:29	And the king said, Is the young man Absalom safe? And Ahimaaz answered, When Joab sent the king's servant, and me thy servant, I saw a great tumult, but I knew not what it was.
2 Samuel 19:6	In that thou lovest thine enemies, and hatest thy friends. For thou hast declared this day, that thou regardest neither princes nor servants: for this day I perceive, that if Absalom had lived, and all we had died this day, then it had pleased thee well.
2 Samuel 19:16	And Shimei the son of Gera, a Benjamite, which was of Bahurim, hasted and came down with the men of Judah to meet king David.
2 Samuel 19:26	And he answered, My lord, O king, my servant deceived me: for thy servant said, I will saddle me an ass, that I may ride thereon, and go to the king; because thy servant is lame.
2 Samuel 19:36	Thy servant will go a little way over Jordan with the king: and why should the king recompense it me with such a reward?
2 Samuel 20:3	And David came to his house at Jerusalem; and the king took the ten women his concubines, whom he had left to keep the house, and put them in ward, and fed them, but went not in unto them. So they were shut up unto the day of their death, living in widowhood.
2 Samuel 20:13	When he was removed out of the highway, all the people went on after Joab, to pursue after Sheba the son of Bichri.
2 Samuel 20:23	Now Joab was over all the host of Israel: and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the Cherethites and over the Pelethites:
2 Samuel 21:7	But the king spared Mephibosheth, the son of Jonathan the son of Saul, because of the LORD's oath that was between them, between David and Jonathan the son of Saul.
2 Samuel 21:17	But Abishai the son of Zeruiah succored him, and smote the Philistine, and killed him. Then the men of David sware unto him, saying, Thou shalt go no more out with us to battle, that thou quench not the light of Israel.
2 Samuel 22:5	When the waves of death compassed me, the floods of ungodly men made me afraid;
2 Samuel 22:15	And he sent out arrows, and scattered them; lightning, and discomfited them.
2 Samuel 22:25	Therefore the LORD hath recompensed me according to my righteousness; according to my cleanness in his eye sight.
2 Samuel 22:35	He teacheth my hands to war; so that a bow of steel is broken by mine arms.
2 Samuel 22:45	Strangers shall submit themselves unto me: as soon as they hear, they shall be obedient unto me.
2 Samuel 23:4	And he shall be as the light of the morning, when the sun riseth, even a morning without clouds; as the tender grass springing out of the earth by clear shining after rain.
2 Samuel 23:14	And David was then in an hold, and the garrison of the Philistines was then in Bethlehem.
2 Samuel 23:24	Asahel the brother of Joab was one of the thirty; Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem,
2 Samuel 23:34	Eliphelet the son of Ahasbai, the son of the Maachathite, Eliam the son of Ahithophel the Gilonite,
2 Samuel 24:5	And they passed over Jordan, and pitched in Aroer, on the right side of the city that lieth in the midst of the river of Gad, and toward Jazer:
2 Samuel 24:15	So the LORD sent a pestilence upon Israel from the morning even to the time appointed: and there died of the people from Dan even to Beersheba seventy thousand men.
2 Samuel 24:25	And David built there an altar unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. So the LORD was intreated for the land, and the plague was stayed from Israel.
1 Kings 1:10	But Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah, and the mighty men, and Solomon his brother, he called not.
1 Kings 1:20	And thou, my lord, O king, the eyes of all Israel are upon thee, that thou shouldest tell them who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king after him.
1 Kings 1:30	Even as I sware unto thee by the LORD God of Israel, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne in my stead; even so will I certainly do this day.
1 Kings 1:40	And all the people came up after him, and the people piped with pipes, and rejoiced with great joy, so that the earth rent with the sound of them.
1 Kings 1:50	And Adonijah feared because of Solomon, and arose, and went, and caught hold on the horns of the altar.
1 Kings 2:7	But show kindness unto the sons of Barzillai the Gileadite, and let them be of those that eat at thy table: for so they came to me when I fled because of Absalom thy brother.
1 Kings 2:17	And he said, Speak, I pray thee, unto Solomon the king, (for he will not say thee nay,) that he give me Abishag the Shunammite to wife.
1 Kings 2:27	So Solomon thrust out Abiathar from being priest unto the LORD; that he might fulfil the word of the LORD, which he spake concerning the house of Eli in Shiloh.
1 Kings 2:37	For it shall be, that on the day thou goest out, and passest over the brook Kidron, thou shalt know for certain that thou shalt surely die: thy blood shall be upon thine own head.
1 Kings 3:1	And Solomon made affinity with Pharaoh king of Egypt, and took Pharaoh's daughter, and brought her into the city of David, until he had made an end of building his own house, and the house of the LORD, and the wall of Jerusalem round about.
1 Kings 3:11	And God said unto him, Because thou hast asked this thing, and hast not asked for thyself long life; neither hast asked riches for thyself, nor hast asked the life of thine enemies; but hast asked for thyself understanding to discern judgment;
1 Kings 3:21	And when I rose in the morning to give my child suck, behold, it was dead: but when I had considered it in the morning, behold, it was not my son, which I did bear.
1 Kings 4:3	Elihoreph and Ahiah, the sons of Shisha, scribes; Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, the recorder.
1 Kings 4:13	The son of Geber, in Ramothgilead; to him pertained the towns of Jair the son of Manasseh, which are in Gilead; to him also pertained the region of Argob, which is in Bashan, threescore great cities with walls and brazen bars:
1 Kings 4:23	Ten fat oxen, and twenty oxen out of the pastures, and an hundred sheep, beside harts, and roebucks, and fallowdeer, and fatted fowl.
1 Kings 4:33	And he spake of trees, from the cedar tree that is in Lebanon even unto the hyssop that springeth out of the wall: he spake also of beasts, and of fowl, and of creeping things, and of fishes.
1 Kings 5:9	My servants shall bring them down from Lebanon unto the sea: and I will convey them by sea in floats unto the place that thou shalt appoint me, and will cause them to be discharged there, and thou shalt receive them: and thou shalt accomplish my desire, in giving food for my household.
1 Kings 6:1	And it came to pass in the four hundred and eightieth year after the children of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt, in the fourth year of Solomon's reign over Israel, in the month Zif, which is the second month, that he began to build the house of the LORD.
1 Kings 6:11	And the word of the LORD came to Solomon, saying,
1 Kings 6:21	So Solomon overlaid the house within with pure gold: and he made a partition by the chains of gold before the oracle; and he overlaid it with gold.
1 Kings 6:31	And for the entering of the oracle he made doors of olive tree: the lintel and side posts were a fifth part of the wall.
1 Kings 7:3	And it was covered with cedar above upon the beams, that lay on forty five pillars, fifteen in a row.
1 Kings 7:13	And king Solomon sent and fetched Hiram out of Tyre.
1 Kings 7:23	And he made a molten sea, ten cubits from the one brim to the other: it was round all about, and his height was five cubits: and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round about.
1 Kings 7:33	And the work of the wheels was like the work of a chariot wheel: their axletrees, and their naves, and their felloes, and their spokes, were all molten.
1 Kings 7:43	And the ten bases, and ten lavers on the bases;
1 Kings 8:2	And all the men of Israel assembled themselves unto king Solomon at the feast in the month Ethanim, which is the seventh month.
1 Kings 8:12	Then spake Solomon, The LORD said that he would dwell in the thick darkness.
1 Kings 8:22	And Solomon stood before the altar of the LORD in the presence of all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands toward heaven:
1 Kings 8:32	Then hear thou in heaven, and do, and judge thy servants, condemning the wicked, to bring his way upon his head; and justifying the righteous, to give him according to his righteousness.
1 Kings 8:42	(For they shall hear of thy great name, and of thy strong hand, and of thy stretched out arm;) when he shall come and pray toward this house;
1 Kings 8:52	That thine eyes may be open unto the supplication of thy servant, and unto the supplication of thy people Israel, to hearken unto them in all that they call for unto thee.
1 Kings 8:62	And the king, and all Israel with him, offered sacrifice before the LORD.
1 Kings 9:6	But if ye shall at all turn from following me, ye or your children, and will not keep my commandments and my statutes which I have set before you, but go and serve other gods, and worship them:
1 Kings 9:16	For Pharaoh king of Egypt had gone up, and taken Gezer, and burnt it with fire, and slain the Canaanites that dwelt in the city, and given it for a present unto his daughter, Solomon's wife.
1 Kings 9:26	And king Solomon made a navy of ships in Eziongeber, which is beside Eloth, on the shore of the Red sea, in the land of Edom.
1 Kings 10:8	Happy are thy men, happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and that hear thy wisdom.
1 Kings 10:18	Moreover the king made a great throne of ivory, and overlaid it with the best gold.
1 Kings 10:28	And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king's merchants received the linen yarn at a price.
1 Kings 11:9	And the LORD was angry with Solomon, because his heart was turned from the LORD God of Israel, which had appeared unto him twice,
1 Kings 11:19	And Hadad found great favor in the sight of Pharaoh, so that he gave him to wife the sister of his own wife, the sister of Tahpenes the queen.
1 Kings 11:29	And it came to pass at that time when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem, that the prophet Ahijah the Shilonite found him in the way; and he had clad himself with a new garment; and they two were alone in the field:
1 Kings 11:39	And I will for this afflict the seed of David, but not for ever.
1 Kings 12:6	And king Rehoboam consulted with the old men, that stood before Solomon his father while he yet lived, and said, How do ye advise that I may answer this people?
1 Kings 12:16	So when all Israel saw that the king hearkened not unto them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: to your tents, O Israel: now see to thine own house, David. So Israel departed unto their tents.
1 Kings 12:26	And Jeroboam said in his heart, Now shall the kingdom return to the house of David:
1 Kings 13:3	And he gave a sign the same day, saying, This is the sign which the LORD hath spoken; Behold, the altar shall be rent, and the ashes that are upon it shall be poured out.
1 Kings 13:13	And he said unto his sons, Saddle me the ass. So they saddled him the ass: and he rode thereon,
1 Kings 13:23	And it came to pass, after he had eaten bread, and after he had drunk, that he saddled for him the ass, to wit, for the prophet whom he had brought back.
1 Kings 13:33	After this thing Jeroboam returned not from his evil way, but made again of the lowest of the people priests of the high places: whosoever would, he consecrated him, and he became one of the priests of the high places.
1 Kings 14:9	But hast done evil above all that were before thee: for thou hast gone and made thee other gods, and molten images, to provoke me to anger, and hast cast me behind thy back:
1 Kings 14:19	And the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, how he warred, and how he reigned, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.
1 Kings 14:29	Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
1 Kings 15:8	And Abijam slept with his fathers; and they buried him in the city of David: and Asa his son reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 15:18	Then Asa took all the silver and the gold that were left in the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house, and delivered them into the hand of his servants: and king Asa sent them to Benhadad, the son of Tabrimon, the son of Hezion, king of Syria, that dwelt at Damascus, saying,
1 Kings 15:28	Even in the third year of Asa king of Judah did Baasha slay him, and reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 16:4	Him that dieth of Baasha in the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dieth of his in the fields shall the fowls of the air eat.
1 Kings 16:14	Now the rest of the acts of Elah, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
1 Kings 16:24	And he bought the hill Samaria of Shemer for two talents of silver, and built on the hill, and called the name of the city which he built, after the name of Shemer, owner of the hill, Samaria.
1 Kings 16:34	In his days did Hiel the Bethelite build Jericho: he laid the foundation thereof in Abiram his firstborn, and set up the gates thereof in his youngest son Segub, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by Joshua the son of Nun.
1 Kings 17:10	So he arose and went to Zarephath. And when he came to the gate of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering of sticks: and he called to her, and said, Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a vessel, that I may drink.
1 Kings 17:20	And he cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, hast thou also brought evil upon the widow with whom I sojourn, by slaying her son?
1 Kings 18:6	So they divided the land between them to pass throughout it: Ahab went one way by himself, and Obadiah went another way by himself.
1 Kings 18:16	So Obadiah went to meet Ahab, and told him: and Ahab went to meet Elijah.
1 Kings 18:26	And they took the bullock which was given them, and they dressed it, and called on the name of Baal from morning even until noon, saying, O Baal, hear us. But there was no voice, nor any that answered. And they leaped upon the altar which was made.
1 Kings 18:36	And it came to pass at the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, LORD God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, let it be known this day that thou art God in Israel, and that I am thy servant, and that I have done all these things at thy word.
1 Kings 18:46	And the hand of the LORD was on Elijah; and he girded up his loins, and ran before Ahab to the entrance of Jezreel.
1 Kings 19:10	And he said, I have been very jealous for the LORD God of hosts: for the children of Israel have forsaken thy covenant, thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the sword; and I, even I only, am left; and they seek my life, to take it away.
1 Kings 19:20	And he left the oxen, and ran after Elijah, and said, Let me, I pray thee, kiss my father and my mother, and then I will follow thee. And he said unto him, Go back again: for what have I done to thee?
1 Kings 20:9	Wherefore he said unto the messengers of Benhadad, Tell my lord the king, All that thou didst send for to thy servant at the first I will do: but this thing I may not do. And the messengers departed, and brought him word again.
1 Kings 20:19	So these young men of the princes of the provinces came out of the city, and the army which followed them.
1 Kings 20:29	And they pitched one over against the other seven days. And so it was, that in the seventh day the battle was joined: and the children of Israel slew of the Syrians an hundred thousand footmen in one day.
1 Kings 20:39	And as the king passed by, he cried unto the king: and he said, Thy servant went out into the midst of the battle; and, behold, a man turned aside, and brought a man unto me, and said, Keep this man: if by any means he be missing, then shall thy life be for his life, or else thou shalt pay a talent of silver.
1 Kings 21:6	And he said unto her, Because I spake unto Naboth the Jezreelite, and said unto him, Give me thy vineyard for money; or else, if it please thee, I will give thee another vineyard for it: and he answered, I will not give thee my vineyard.
1 Kings 21:16	And it came to pass, when Ahab heard that Naboth was dead, that Ahab rose up to go down to the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite, to take possession of it.
1 Kings 21:26	And he did very abominably in following idols, according to all things as did the Amorites, whom the LORD cast out before the children of Israel.
1 Kings 22:7	And Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of the LORD besides, that we might enquire of him?
1 Kings 22:17	And he said, I saw all Israel scattered upon the hills, as sheep that have not a shepherd: and the LORD said, These have no master: let them return every man to his house in peace.
1 Kings 22:27	And say, Thus saith the king, Put this fellow in the prison, and feed him with bread of affliction and with water of affliction, until I come in peace.
1 Kings 22:37	So the king died, and was brought to Samaria; and they buried the king in Samaria.
1 Kings 22:47	There was then no king in Edom: a deputy was king.
2 Kings 1:4	Now therefore thus saith the LORD, Thou shalt not come down from that bed on which thou art gone up, but shalt surely die. And Elijah departed.
2 Kings 1:14	Behold, there came fire down from heaven, and burnt up the two captains of the former fifties with their fifties: therefore let my life now be precious in thy sight.
2 Kings 2:6	And Elijah said unto him, Tarry, I pray thee, here; for the LORD hath sent me to Jordan. And he said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And they two went on.
2 Kings 2:16	And they said unto him, Behold now, there be with thy servants fifty strong men; let them go, we pray thee, and seek thy master: lest peradventure the Spirit of the LORD hath taken him up, and cast him upon some mountain, or into some valley. And he said, Ye shall not send.
2 Kings 3:1	Now Jehoram the son of Ahab began to reign over Israel in Samaria the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah, and reigned twelve years.
2 Kings 3:11	But Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of the LORD, that we may enquire of the LORD by him? And one of the king of Israel's servants answered and said, Here is Elisha the son of Shaphat, which poured water on the hands of Elijah.
2 Kings 3:21	And when all the Moabites heard that the kings were come up to fight against them, they gathered all that were able to put on armor, and upward, and stood in the border.
2 Kings 4:4	And when thou art come in, thou shalt shut the door upon thee and upon thy sons, and shalt pour out into all those vessels, and thou shalt set aside that which is full.
2 Kings 4:14	And he said, What then is to be done for her? And Gehazi answered, Verily she hath no child, and her husband is old.
2 Kings 4:24	Then she saddled an ass, and said to her servant, Drive, and go forward; slack not thy riding for me, except I bid thee.
2 Kings 4:34	And he went up, and lay upon the child, and put his mouth upon his mouth, and his eyes upon his eyes, and his hands upon his hands: and stretched himself upon the child; and the flesh of the child waxed warm.
2 Kings 4:44	So he set it before them, and they did eat, and left thereof, according to the word of the LORD.
2 Kings 5:10	And Elisha sent a messenger unto him, saying, Go and wash in Jordan seven times, and thy flesh shall come again to thee, and thou shalt be clean.
2 Kings 5:20	But Gehazi, the servant of Elisha the man of God, said, Behold, my master hath spared Naaman this Syrian, in not receiving at his hands that which he brought: but, as the LORD liveth, I will run after him, and take somewhat of him.
2 Kings 6:3	And one said, Be content, I pray thee, and go with thy servants. And he answered, I will go.
2 Kings 6:13	And he said, Go and spy where he is, that I may send and fetch him. And it was told him, saying, Behold, he is in Dothan.
2 Kings 6:23	And he prepared great provision for them: and when they had eaten and drunk, he sent them away, and they went to their master. So the bands of Syria came no more into the land of Israel.
2 Kings 6:33	And while he yet talked with them, behold, the messenger came down unto him: and he said, Behold, this evil is of the LORD; what should I wait for the LORD any longer?
2 Kings 7:10	So they came and called unto the porter of the city: and they told them, saying, We came to the camp of the Syrians, and, behold, there was no man there, neither voice of man, but horses tied, and asses tied, and the tents as they were.
2 Kings 7:20	And so it fell out unto him: for the people trode upon him in the gate, and he died.
2 Kings 8:10	And Elisha said unto him, Go, say unto him, Thou mayest certainly recover: howbeit the LORD hath showed me that he shall surely die.
2 Kings 8:20	In his days Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah, and made a king over themselves.
2 Kings 9:1	And Elisha the prophet called one of the children of the prophets, and said unto him, Gird up thy loins, and take this box of oil in thine hand, and go to Ramothgilead:
2 Kings 9:11	Then Jehu came forth to the servants of his lord: and one said unto him, Is all well? wherefore came this mad fellow to thee? And he said unto them, Ye know the man, and his communication.
2 Kings 9:21	And Joram said, Make ready. And his chariot was made ready. And Joram king of Israel and Ahaziah king of Judah went out, each in his chariot, and they went out against Jehu, and met him in the portion of Naboth the Jezreelite.
2 Kings 9:31	And as Jehu entered in at the gate, she said, Had Zimri peace, who slew his master?
2 Kings 10:4	But they were exceedingly afraid, and said, Behold, two kings stood not before him: how then shall we stand?
2 Kings 10:14	And he said, Take them alive. And they took them alive, and slew them at the pit of the shearing house, even two and forty men; neither left he any of them.
2 Kings 10:24	And when they went in to offer sacrifices and burnt offerings, Jehu appointed fourscore men without, and said, If any of the men whom I have brought into your hands escape, he that letteth him go, his life shall be for the life of him.
2 Kings 10:34	Now the rest of the acts of Jehu, and all that he did, and all his might, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
2 Kings 11:8	And ye shall compass the king round about, every man with his weapons in his hand: and he that cometh within the ranges, let him be slain: and be ye with the king as he goeth out and as he cometh in.
2 Kings 11:18	And all the people of the land went into the house of Baal, and brake it down; his altars and his images brake they in pieces thoroughly, and slew Mattan the priest of Baal before the altars. And the priest appointed officers over the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 12:7	Then king Jehoash called for Jehoiada the priest, and the other priests, and said unto them, Why repair ye not the breaches of the house? now therefore receive no more money of your acquaintance, but deliver it for the breaches of the house.
2 Kings 12:17	Then Hazael king of Syria went up, and fought against Gath, and took it: and Hazael set his face to go up to Jerusalem.
2 Kings 13:6	Nevertheless they departed not from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, who made Israel sin, but walked therein: and there remained the grove also in Samaria.)
2 Kings 13:16	And he said to the king of Israel, Put thine hand upon the bow. And he put his hand upon it: and Elisha put his hands upon the king's hands.
2 Kings 14:1	In the second year of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel reigned Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah.
2 Kings 14:11	But Amaziah would not hear. Therefore Jehoash king of Israel went up; and he and Amaziah king of Judah looked one another in the face at Bethshemesh, which belongeth to Judah.
2 Kings 14:21	And all the people of Judah took Azariah, which was sixteen years old, and made him king instead of his father Amaziah.
2 Kings 15:2	Sixteen years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned two and fifty years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jecholiah of Jerusalem.
2 Kings 15:12	This was the word of the LORD which he spake unto Jehu, saying, Thy sons shall sit on the throne of Israel unto the fourth generation. And so it came to pass.
2 Kings 15:22	And Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahiah his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 15:32	In the second year of Pekah the son of Remaliah king of Israel began Jotham the son of Uzziah king of Judah to reign.
2 Kings 16:4	And he sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places, and on the hills, and under every green tree.
2 Kings 16:14	And he brought also the brazen altar, which was before the LORD, from the forefront of the house, from between the altar and the house of the LORD, and put it on the north side of the altar.
2 Kings 17:4	And the king of Assyria found conspiracy in Hoshea: for he had sent messengers to So king of Egypt, and brought no present to the king of Assyria, as he had done year by year: therefore the king of Assyria shut him up, and bound him in prison.
2 Kings 17:14	Notwithstanding they would not hear, but hardened their necks, like to the neck of their fathers, that did not believe in the LORD their God.
2 Kings 17:24	And the king of Assyria brought men from Babylon, and from Cuthah, and from Ava, and from Hamath, and from Sepharvaim, and placed them in the cities of Samaria instead of the children of Israel: and they possessed Samaria, and dwelt in the cities thereof.
2 Kings 17:34	Unto this day they do after the former manners: they fear not the LORD, neither do they after their statutes, or after their ordinances, or after the law and commandment which the LORD commanded the children of Jacob, whom he named Israel;
2 Kings 18:3	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that David his father did.
2 Kings 18:13	Now in the fourteenth year of king Hezekiah did Sennacherib king of Assyria come up against all the fenced cities of Judah, and took them.
2 Kings 18:23	Now therefore, I pray thee, give pledges to my lord the king of Assyria, and I will deliver thee two thousand horses, if thou be able on thy part to set riders upon them.
2 Kings 18:33	Hath any of the gods of the nations delivered at all his land out of the hand of the king of Assyria?
2 Kings 19:6	And Isaiah said unto them, Thus shall ye say to your master, Thus saith the LORD, Be not afraid of the words which thou hast heard, with which the servants of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me.
2 Kings 19:16	LORD, bow down thine ear, and hear: open, LORD, thine eyes, and see: and hear the words of Sennacherib, which hath sent him to reproach the living God.
2 Kings 19:26	Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed and confounded; they were as the grass of the field, and as the green herb, as the grass on the house tops, and as corn blasted before it be grown up.
2 Kings 19:36	So Sennacherib king of Assyria departed, and went and returned, and dwelt at Nineveh.
2 Kings 20:9	And Isaiah said, This sign shalt thou have of the LORD, that the LORD will do the thing that he hath spoken: shall the shadow go forward ten degrees, or go back ten degrees?
2 Kings 20:19	Then said Hezekiah unto Isaiah, Good is the word of the LORD which thou hast spoken. And he said, Is it not good, if peace and truth be in my days?
2 Kings 21:8	Neither will I make the feet of Israel move any more out of the land which I gave their fathers; only if they will observe to do according to all that I have commanded them, and according to all the law that my servant Moses commanded them.
2 Kings 21:18	And Manasseh slept with his fathers, and was buried in the garden of his own house, in the garden of Uzza: and Amon his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 22:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in all the way of David his father, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left.
2 Kings 22:12	And the king commanded Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Achbor the son of Michaiah, and Shaphan the scribe, and Asahiah a servant of the king's, saying,
2 Kings 23:2	And the king went up into the house of the LORD, and all the men of Judah and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem with him, and the priests, and the prophets, and all the people, both small and great: and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant which was found in the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 23:12	And the altars that were on the top of the upper chamber of Ahaz, which the kings of Judah had made, and the altars which Manasseh had made in the two courts of the house of the LORD, did the king beat down, and brake them down from thence, and cast the dust of them into the brook Kidron.
2 Kings 23:22	Surely there was not holden such a passover from the days of the judges that judged Israel, nor in all the days of the kings of Israel, nor of the kings of Judah;
2 Kings 23:32	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his fathers had done.
2 Kings 24:5	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 24:15	And he carried away Jehoiachin to Babylon, and the king's mother, and the king's wives, and his officers, and the mighty of the land, those carried he into captivity from Jerusalem to Babylon.
2 Kings 25:5	And the army of the Chaldees pursued after the king, and overtook him in the plains of Jericho: and all his army were scattered from him.
2 Kings 25:15	And the firepans, and the bowls, and such things as were of gold, in gold, and of silver, in silver, the captain of the guard took away.
2 Kings 25:25	But it came to pass in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elishama, of the seed royal, came, and ten men with him, and smote Gedaliah, that he died, and the Jews and the Chaldees that were with him at Mizpah.
1 Chronicles 1:5	The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.
1 Chronicles 1:15	And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,
1 Chronicles 1:25	Eber, Peleg, Reu,
1 Chronicles 1:35	The sons of Esau; Eliphaz, Reuel, and Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.
1 Chronicles 1:45	And when Jobab was dead, Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 2:1	These are the sons of Israel; Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun,
1 Chronicles 2:11	And Nahshon begat Salma, and Salma begat Boaz,
1 Chronicles 2:21	And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead, whom he married when he was threescore years old; and she bare him Segub.
1 Chronicles 2:31	And the sons of Appaim; Ishi. And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan. And the children of Sheshan; Ahlai.
1 Chronicles 2:41	And Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama.
1 Chronicles 2:51	Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Bethgader.
1 Chronicles 3:6	Ibhar also, and Elishama, and Eliphelet,
1 Chronicles 3:16	And the sons of Jehoiakim: Jeconiah his son, Zedekiah his son.
1 Chronicles 4:2	And Reaiah the son of Shobal begat Jahath; and Jahath begat Ahumai, and Lahad. These are the families of the Zorathites.
1 Chronicles 4:12	And Eshton begat Bethrapha, and Paseah, and Tehinnah the father of Irnahash. These are the men of Rechah.
1 Chronicles 4:22	And Jokim, and the men of Chozeba, and Joash, and Saraph, who had the dominion in Moab, and Jashubilehem. And these are ancient things.
1 Chronicles 4:32	And their villages were, Etam, and Ain, Rimmon, and Tochen, and Ashan, five cities:
1 Chronicles 4:42	And some of them, even of the sons of Simeon, five hundred men, went to mount Seir, having for their captains Pelatiah, and Neariah, and Rephaiah, and Uzziel, the sons of Ishi.
1 Chronicles 5:9	And eastward he inhabited unto the entering in of the wilderness from the river Euphrates: because their cattle were multiplied in the land of Gilead.
1 Chronicles 5:19	And they made war with the Hagarites, with Jetur, and Nephish, and Nodab.
1 Chronicles 6:3	And the children of Amram; Aaron, and Moses, and Miriam. The sons also of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
1 Chronicles 6:13	And Shallum begat Hilkiah, and Hilkiah begat Azariah,
1 Chronicles 6:23	Elkanah his son, and Ebiasaph his son, and Assir his son,
1 Chronicles 6:33	And these are they that waited with their children. Of the sons of the Kohathites: Heman a singer, the son of Joel, the son of Shemuel,
1 Chronicles 6:43	The son of Jahath, the son of Gershom, the son of Levi.
1 Chronicles 6:53	Zadok his son, Ahimaaz his son.
1 Chronicles 6:63	Unto the sons of Merari were given by lot, throughout their families, out of the tribe of Reuben, and out of the tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities.
1 Chronicles 6:73	And Ramoth with her suburbs, and Anem with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 7:2	And the sons of Tola; Uzzi, and Rephaiah, and Jeriel, and Jahmai, and Jibsam, and Shemuel, heads of their father's house, to wit, of Tola: they were valiant men of might in their generations; whose number was in the days of David two and twenty thousand and six hundred.
1 Chronicles 7:12	Shuppim also, and Huppim, the children of Ir, and Hushim, the sons of Aher.
1 Chronicles 7:22	And Ephraim their father mourned many days, and his brethren came to comfort him.
1 Chronicles 7:32	And Heber begat Japhlet, and Shomer, and Hotham, and Shua their sister.
1 Chronicles 8:2	Nohah the fourth, and Rapha the fifth.
1 Chronicles 8:12	The sons of Elpaal; Eber, and Misham, and Shamed, who built Ono, and Lod, with the towns thereof:
1 Chronicles 8:22	And Ishpan, and Heber, and Eliel,
1 Chronicles 8:32	And Mikloth begat Shimeah. And these also dwelt with their brethren in Jerusalem, over against them.
1 Chronicles 9:2	Now the first inhabitants that dwelt in their possessions in their cities were, the Israelites, the priests, Levites, and the Nethinims.
1 Chronicles 9:12	And Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchijah, and Maasiai the son of Adiel, the son of Jahzerah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Meshillemith, the son of Immer;
1 Chronicles 9:22	All these which were chosen to be porters in the gates were two hundred and twelve. These were reckoned by their genealogy in their villages, whom David and Samuel the seer did ordain in their set office.
1 Chronicles 9:32	And other of their brethren, of the sons of the Kohathites, were over the shewbread, to prepare it every sabbath.
1 Chronicles 9:42	And Ahaz begat Jarah; and Jarah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza;
1 Chronicles 10:8	And it came to pass on the morrow, when the Philistines came to strip the slain, that they found Saul and his sons fallen in mount Gilboa.
1 Chronicles 11:4	And David and all Israel went to Jerusalem, which is Jebus; where the Jebusites were, the inhabitants of the land.
1 Chronicles 11:14	And they set themselves in the midst of that parcel, and delivered it, and slew the Philistines; and the LORD saved them by a great deliverance.
1 Chronicles 11:24	These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among the three mighties.
1 Chronicles 11:34	The sons of Hashem the Gizonite, Jonathan the son of Shage the Hararite,
1 Chronicles 11:44	Uzzia the Ashterathite, Shama and Jehiel the sons of Hothan the Aroerite,
1 Chronicles 12:7	And Joelah, and Zebadiah, the sons of Jeroham of Gedor.
1 Chronicles 12:17	And David went out to meet them, and answered and said unto them, If ye be come peaceably unto me to help me, mine heart shall be knit unto you: but if ye be come to betray me to mine enemies, seeing there is no wrong in mine hands, the God of our fathers look thereon, and rebuke it.
1 Chronicles 12:27	And Jehoiada was the leader of the Aaronites, and with him were three thousand and seven hundred;
1 Chronicles 12:37	And on the other side of Jordan, of the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and of the half tribe of Manasseh, with all manner of instruments of war for the battle, an hundred and twenty thousand.
1 Chronicles 13:7	And they carried the ark of God in a new cart out of the house of Abinadab: and Uzza and Ahio drave the cart.
1 Chronicles 14:3	And David took more wives at Jerusalem: and David begat more sons and daughters.
1 Chronicles 14:13	And the Philistines yet again spread themselves abroad in the valley.
1 Chronicles 15:6	Of the sons of Merari; Asaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred and twenty:
1 Chronicles 15:16	And David spake to the chief of the Levites to appoint their brethren to be the singers with instruments of music, psalteries and harps and cymbals, sounding, by lifting up the voice with joy.
1 Chronicles 15:26	And it came to pass, when God helped the Levites that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, that they offered seven bullocks and seven rams.
1 Chronicles 16:7	Then on that day David delivered first this psalm to thank the LORD into the hand of Asaph and his brethren.
1 Chronicles 16:17	And hath confirmed the same to Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant,
1 Chronicles 16:27	Glory and honor are in his presence; strength and gladness are in his place.
1 Chronicles 16:37	So he left there before the ark of the covenant of the LORD Asaph and his brethren, to minister before the ark continually, as every day's work required:
1 Chronicles 17:4	Go and tell David my servant, Thus saith the LORD, Thou shalt not build me an house to dwell in:
1 Chronicles 17:14	But I will settle him in mine house and in my kingdom for ever: and his throne shall be established for evermore.
1 Chronicles 17:24	Let it even be established, that thy name may be magnified for ever, saying, The LORD of hosts is the God of Israel, even a God to Israel: and let the house of David thy servant be established before thee.
1 Chronicles 18:7	And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of Hadarezer, and brought them to Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 18:17	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and the sons of David were chief about the king.
1 Chronicles 19:10	Now when Joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind, he chose out of all the choice of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians.
1 Chronicles 20:1	And it came to pass, that after the year was expired, at the time that kings go out to battle, Joab led forth the power of the army, and wasted the country of the children of Ammon, and came and besieged Rabbah. But David tarried at Jerusalem. And Joab smote Rabbah, and destroyed it.
1 Chronicles 21:3	And Joab answered, The LORD make his people an hundred times so many more as they be: but, my lord the king, are they not all my lord's servants? why then doth my lord require this thing? why will he be a cause of trespass to Israel?
1 Chronicles 21:13	And David said unto Gad, I am in a great strait: let me fall now into the hand of the LORD; for very great are his mercies: but let me not fall into the hand of man.
1 Chronicles 21:23	And Ornan said unto David, Take it to thee, and let my lord the king do that which is good in his eyes: lo, I give thee the oxen also for burnt offerings, and the threshing instruments for wood, and the wheat for the meat offering; I give it all.
1 Chronicles 22:3	And David prepared iron in abundance for the nails for the doors of the gates, and for the joinings; and brass in abundance without weight;
1 Chronicles 22:13	Then shalt thou prosper, if thou takest heed to fulfil the statutes and judgments which the LORD charged Moses with concerning Israel: be strong, and of good courage; dread not, nor be dismayed.
1 Chronicles 23:4	Of which, twenty and four thousand were to set forward the work of the house of the LORD; and six thousand were officers and judges:
1 Chronicles 23:14	Now concerning Moses the man of God, his sons were named of the tribe of Levi.
1 Chronicles 23:24	These were the sons of Levi after the house of their fathers; even the chief of the fathers, as they were counted by number of names by their polls, that did the work for the service of the house of the LORD, from the age of twenty years and upward.
1 Chronicles 24:2	But Nadab and Abihu died before their father, and had no children: therefore Eleazar and Ithamar executed the priest's office.
1 Chronicles 24:12	The eleventh to Eliashib, the twelfth to Jakim,
1 Chronicles 24:22	Of the Izharites; Shelomoth: of the sons of Shelomoth; Jahath.
1 Chronicles 25:1	Moreover David and the captains of the host separated to the service of the sons of Asaph, and of Heman, and of Jeduthun, who should prophesy with harps, with psalteries, and with cymbals: and the number of the workmen according to their service was:
1 Chronicles 25:11	The fourth to Izri, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 25:21	The fourteenth to Mattithiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 25:31	The four and twentieth to Romamtiezer, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve.
1 Chronicles 26:10	Also Hosah, of the children of Merari, had sons; Simri the chief, (for though he was not the firstborn, yet his father made him the chief;)
1 Chronicles 26:20	And of the Levites, Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of God, and over the treasures of the dedicated things.
1 Chronicles 26:30	And of the Hebronites, Hashabiah and his brethren, men of valor, a thousand and seven hundred, were officers among them of Israel on this side Jordan westward in all the business of the LORD, and in the service of the king.
1 Chronicles 27:8	The fifth captain for the fifth month was Shamhuth the Izrahite: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 27:18	Of Judah, Elihu, one of the brethren of David: of Issachar, Omri the son of Michael:
1 Chronicles 27:28	And over the olive trees and the sycamore trees that were in the low plains was Baalhanan the Gederite: and over the cellars of oil was Joash:
1 Chronicles 28:4	Howbeit the LORD God of Israel chose me before all the house of my father to be king over Israel for ever: for he hath chosen Judah to be the ruler; and of the house of Judah, the house of my father; and among the sons of my father he liked me to make me king over all Israel:
1 Chronicles 28:14	He gave of gold by weight for things of gold, for all instruments of all manner of service; silver also for all instruments of silver by weight, for all instruments of every kind of service:
1 Chronicles 29:3	Moreover, because I have set my affection to the house of my God, I have of mine own proper good, of gold and silver, which I have given to the house of my God, over and above all that I have prepared for the holy house.
1 Chronicles 29:13	Now therefore, our God, we thank thee, and praise thy glorious name.
1 Chronicles 29:23	Then Solomon sat on the throne of the LORD as king instead of David his father, and prospered; and all Israel obeyed him.
2 Chronicles 1:3	So Solomon, and all the congregation with him, went to the high place that was at Gibeon; for there was the tabernacle of the congregation of God, which Moses the servant of the LORD had made in the wilderness.
2 Chronicles 1:13	Then Solomon came from his journey to the high place that was at Gibeon to Jerusalem, from before the tabernacle of the congregation, and reigned over Israel.
2 Chronicles 2:6	But who is able to build him an house, seeing the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain him? who am I then, that I should build him an house, save only to burn sacrifice before him?
2 Chronicles 2:16	And we will cut wood out of Lebanon, as much as thou shalt need: and we will bring it to thee in floats by sea to Joppa; and thou shalt carry it up to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 3:8	And he made the most holy house, the length whereof was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof twenty cubits: and he overlaid it with fine gold, amounting to six hundred talents.
2 Chronicles 4:1	Moreover he made an altar of brass, twenty cubits the length thereof, and twenty cubits the breadth thereof, and ten cubits the height thereof.
2 Chronicles 4:11	And Huram made the pots, and the shovels, and the basins. And Huram finished the work that he was to make for king Solomon for the house of God;
2 Chronicles 4:21	And the flowers, and the lamps, and the tongs, made he of gold, and that perfect gold;
2 Chronicles 5:9	And they drew out the staves of the ark, that the ends of the staves were seen from the ark before the oracle; but they were not seen without. And there it is unto this day.
2 Chronicles 6:5	Since the day that I brought forth my people out of the land of Egypt I chose no city among all the tribes of Israel to build an house in, that my name might be there; neither chose I any man to be a ruler over my people Israel:
2 Chronicles 6:15	Thou which hast kept with thy servant David my father that which thou hast promised him; and spakest with thy mouth, and hast fulfilled it with thine hand, as it is this day.
2 Chronicles 6:25	Then hear thou from the heavens, and forgive the sin of thy people Israel, and bring them again unto the land which thou gavest to them and to their fathers.
2 Chronicles 6:35	Then hear thou from the heavens their prayer and their supplication, and maintain their cause.
2 Chronicles 7:3	And when all the children of Israel saw how the fire came down, and the glory of the LORD upon the house, they bowed themselves with their faces to the ground upon the pavement, and worshipped, and praised the LORD, saying, For he is good; for his mercy endureth for ever.
2 Chronicles 7:13	If I shut up heaven that there be no rain, or if I command the locusts to devour the land, or if I send pestilence among my people;
2 Chronicles 8:1	And it came to pass at the end of twenty years, wherein Solomon had built the house of the LORD, and his own house,
2 Chronicles 8:11	And Solomon brought up the daughter of Pharaoh out of the city of David unto the house that he had built for her: for he said, My wife shall not dwell in the house of David king of Israel, because the places are holy, whereunto the ark of the LORD hath come.
2 Chronicles 9:3	And when the queen of Sheba had seen the wisdom of Solomon, and the house that he had built,
2 Chronicles 9:13	Now the weight of gold that came to Solomon in one year was six hundred and threescore and six talents of gold;
2 Chronicles 9:23	And all the kings of the earth sought the presence of Solomon, to hear his wisdom, that God had put in his heart.
2 Chronicles 10:2	And it came to pass, when Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who was in Egypt, whither he fled from the presence of Solomon the king, heard it, that Jeroboam returned out of Egypt.
2 Chronicles 10:12	So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam on the third day, as the king bade, saying, Come again to me on the third day.
2 Chronicles 11:3	Speak unto Rehoboam the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and to all Israel in Judah and Benjamin, saying,
2 Chronicles 11:13	And the priests and the Levites that were in all Israel resorted to him out of all their coasts.
2 Chronicles 11:23	And he dealt wisely, and dispersed of all his children throughout all the countries of Judah and Benjamin, unto every fenced city: and he gave them victual in abundance. And he desired many wives.
2 Chronicles 12:10	Instead of which king Rehoboam made shields of brass, and committed them to the hands of the chief of the guard, that kept the entrance of the king's house.
2 Chronicles 13:4	And Abijah stood up upon mount Zemaraim, which is in mount Ephraim, and said, Hear me, thou Jeroboam, and all Israel;
2 Chronicles 13:14	And when Judah looked back, behold, the battle was before and behind: and they cried unto the LORD, and the priests sounded with the trumpets.
2 Chronicles 14:2	And Asa did that which was good and right in the eyes of the LORD his God:
2 Chronicles 14:12	So the LORD smote the Ethiopians before Asa, and before Judah; and the Ethiopians fled.
2 Chronicles 15:7	Be ye strong therefore, and let not your hands be weak: for your work shall be rewarded.
2 Chronicles 15:17	But the high places were not taken away out of Israel: nevertheless the heart of Asa was perfect all his days.
2 Chronicles 16:8	Were not the Ethiopians and the Lubims a huge host, with very many chariots and horsemen? yet, because thou didst rely on the LORD, he delivered them into thine hand.
2 Chronicles 17:4	But sought to the Lord God of his father, and walked in his commandments, and not after the doings of Israel.
2 Chronicles 17:14	And these are the numbers of them according to the house of their fathers: Of Judah, the captains of thousands; Adnah the chief, and with him mighty men of valor three hundred thousand.
2 Chronicles 18:5	Therefore the king of Israel gathered together of prophets four hundred men, and said unto them, Shall we go to Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And they said, Go up; for God will deliver it into the king's hand.
2 Chronicles 18:15	And the king said to him, How many times shall I adjure thee that thou say nothing but the truth to me in the name of the LORD?
2 Chronicles 18:25	Then the king of Israel said, Take ye Micaiah, and carry him back to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son;
2 Chronicles 19:1	And Jehoshaphat the king of Judah returned to his house in peace to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 19:11	And, behold, Amariah the chief priest is over you in all matters of the LORD; and Zebadiah the son of Ishmael, the ruler of the house of Judah, for all the king's matters: also the Levites shall be officers before you. Deal courageously, and the LORD shall be with the good.
2 Chronicles 20:10	And now, behold, the children of Ammon and Moab and mount Seir, whom thou wouldest not let Israel invade, when they came out of the land of Egypt, but they turned from them, and destroyed them not;
2 Chronicles 20:20	And they rose early in the morning, and went forth into the wilderness of Tekoa: and as they went forth, Jehoshaphat stood and said, Hear me, O Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem; Believe in the LORD your God, so shall ye be established; believe his prophets, so shall ye prosper.
2 Chronicles 20:30	So the realm of Jehoshaphat was quiet: for his God gave him rest round about.
2 Chronicles 21:3	And their father gave them great gifts of silver, and of gold, and of precious things, with fenced cities in Judah: but the kingdom gave he to Jehoram; because he was the firstborn.
2 Chronicles 21:13	But hast walked in the way of the kings of Israel, and hast made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to go a whoring, like to the whoredoms of the house of Ahab, and also hast slain thy brethren of thy father's house, which were better than thyself:
2 Chronicles 22:3	He also walked in the ways of the house of Ahab: for his mother was his counselor to do wickedly.
2 Chronicles 23:1	And in the seventh year Jehoiada strengthened himself, and took the captains of hundreds, Azariah the son of Jeroham, and Ishmael the son of Jehohanan, and Azariah the son of Obed, and Maaseiah the son of Adaiah, and Elishaphat the son of Zichri, into covenant with him.
2 Chronicles 23:11	Then they brought out the king's son, and put upon him the crown, and gave him the testimony, and made him king. And Jehoiada and his sons anointed him, and said, God save the king.
2 Chronicles 23:21	And all the people of the land rejoiced: and the city was quiet, after that they had slain Athaliah with the sword.
2 Chronicles 24:10	And all the princes and all the people rejoiced, and brought in, and cast into the chest, until they had made an end.
2 Chronicles 24:20	And the Spirit of God came upon Zechariah the son of Jehoiada the priest, which stood above the people, and said unto them, Thus saith God, Why transgress ye the commandments of the LORD, that ye cannot prosper? because ye have forsaken the LORD, he hath also forsaken you.
2 Chronicles 25:3	Now it came to pass, when the kingdom was established to him, that he slew his servants that had killed the king his father.
2 Chronicles 25:13	But the soldiers of the army which Amaziah sent back, that they should not go with him to battle, fell upon the cities of Judah, from Samaria even unto Bethhoron, and smote three thousand of them, and took much spoil.
2 Chronicles 25:23	And Joash the king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Joash, the son of Jehoahaz, at Bethshemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate, four hundred cubits.
2 Chronicles 26:5	And he sought God in the days of Zechariah, who had understanding in the visions of God: and as long as he sought the LORD, God made him to prosper.
2 Chronicles 26:15	And he made in Jerusalem engines, invented by cunning men, to be on the towers and upon the bulwarks, to shoot arrows and great stones withal. And his name spread far abroad; for he was marvelously helped, till he was strong.
2 Chronicles 27:2	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father Uzziah did: howbeit he entered not into the temple of the LORD. And the people did yet corruptly.
2 Chronicles 28:3	Moreover he burnt incense in the valley of the son of Hinnom, and burnt his children in the fire, after the abominations of the heathen whom the LORD had cast out before the children of Israel.
2 Chronicles 28:13	And said unto them, Ye shall not bring in the captives hither: for whereas we have offended against the LORD already, ye intend to add more to our sins and to our trespass: for our trespass is great, and there is fierce wrath against Israel.
2 Chronicles 28:23	For he sacrificed unto the gods of Damascus, which smote him: and he said, Because the gods of the kings of Syria help them, therefore will I sacrifice to them, that they may help me. But they were the ruin of him, and of all Israel.
2 Chronicles 29:6	For our fathers have trespassed, and done that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD our God, and have forsaken him, and have turned away their faces from the habitation of the LORD, and turned their backs.
2 Chronicles 29:16	And the priests went into the inner part of the house of the LORD, to cleanse it, and brought out all the uncleanness that they found in the temple of the LORD into the court of the house of the LORD. And the Levites took it, to carry it out abroad into the brook Kidron.
2 Chronicles 29:26	And the Levites stood with the instruments of David, and the priests with the trumpets.
2 Chronicles 29:36	And Hezekiah rejoiced, and all the people, that God had prepared the people: for the thing was done suddenly.
2 Chronicles 30:10	So the posts passed from city to city through the country of Ephraim and Manasseh even unto Zebulun: but they laughed them to scorn, and mocked them.
2 Chronicles 30:20	And the LORD hearkened to Hezekiah, and healed the people.
2 Chronicles 31:3	He appointed also the king's portion of his substance for the burnt offerings, to wit, for the morning and evening burnt offerings, and the burnt offerings for the sabbaths, and for the new moons, and for the set feasts, as it is written in the law of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 31:13	And Jehiel, and Azaziah, and Nahath, and Asahel, and Jerimoth, and Jozabad, and Eliel, and Ismachiah, and Mahath, and Benaiah, were overseers under the hand of Cononiah and Shimei his brother, at the commandment of Hezekiah the king, and Azariah the ruler of the house of God.
2 Chronicles 32:2	And when Hezekiah saw that Sennacherib was come, and that he was purposed to fight against Jerusalem,
2 Chronicles 32:12	Hath not the same Hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars, and commanded Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Ye shall worship before one altar, and burn incense upon it?
2 Chronicles 32:22	Thus the LORD saved Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem from the hand of Sennacherib the king of Assyria, and from the hand of all other, and guided them on every side.
2 Chronicles 32:32	Now the rest of the acts of Hezekiah, and his goodness, behold, they are written in the vision of Isaiah the prophet, the son of Amoz, and in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
2 Chronicles 33:9	So Manasseh made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to err, and to do worse than the heathen, whom the LORD had destroyed before the children of Israel.
2 Chronicles 33:19	His prayer also, and how God was intreated of him, and all his sins, and his trespass, and the places wherein he built high places, and set up groves and graven images, before he was humbled: behold, they are written among the sayings of the seers.
2 Chronicles 34:4	And they brake down the altars of Baalim in his presence; and the images, that were on high above them, he cut down; and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images, he brake in pieces, and made dust of them, and strewed it upon the graves of them that had sacrificed unto them.
2 Chronicles 34:14	And when they brought out the money that was brought into the house of the LORD, Hilkiah the priest found a book of the law of the LORD given by Moses.
2 Chronicles 34:24	Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, even all the curses that are written in the book which they have read before the king of Judah:
2 Chronicles 35:1	Moreover Josiah kept a passover unto the LORD in Jerusalem: and they killed the passover on the fourteenth day of the first month.
2 Chronicles 35:11	And they killed the passover, and the priests sprinkled the blood from their hands, and the Levites flayed them.
2 Chronicles 35:21	But he sent ambassadors to him, saying, What have I to do with thee, thou king of Judah? I come not against thee this day, but against the house wherewith I have war: for God commanded me to make haste: forbear thee from meddling with God, who is with me, that he destroy thee not.
2 Chronicles 36:4	And the king of Egypt made Eliakim his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem, and turned his name to Jehoiakim. And Necho took Jehoahaz his brother, and carried him to Egypt.
2 Chronicles 36:14	Moreover all the chief of the priests, and the people, transgressed very much after all the abominations of the heathen; and polluted the house of the LORD which he had hallowed in Jerusalem.
Ezra 1:1	Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,
Ezra 1:11	All the vessels of gold and of silver were five thousand and four hundred. All these did Sheshbazzar bring up with them of the captivity that were brought up from Babylon unto Jerusalem.
Ezra 2:10	The children of Bani, six hundred forty and two.
Ezra 2:20	The children of Gibbar, ninety and five.
Ezra 2:30	The children of Magbish, an hundred fifty and six.
Ezra 2:40	The Levites: the children of Jeshua and Kadmiel, of the children of Hodaviah, seventy and four.
Ezra 2:50	The children of Asnah, the children of Mehunim, the children of Nephusim,
Ezra 2:60	The children of Delaiah, the children of Tobiah, the children of Nekoda, six hundred fifty and two.
Ezra 2:70	So the priests, and the Levites, and some of the people, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, dwelt in their cities, and all Israel in their cities.
Ezra 3:10	And when the builders laid the foundation of the temple of the LORD, they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets, and the Levites the sons of Asaph with cymbals, to praise the LORD, after the ordinance of David king of Israel.
Ezra 4:7	And in the days of Artaxerxes wrote Bishlam, Mithredath, Tabeel, and the rest of their companions, unto Artaxerxes king of Persia; and the writing of the letter was written in the Syrian tongue, and interpreted in the Syrian tongue.
Ezra 4:17	Then sent the king an answer unto Rehum the chancellor, and to Shimshai the scribe, and to the rest of their companions that dwell in Samaria, and unto the rest beyond the river, Peace, and at such a time.
Ezra 5:3	At the same time came to them Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shetharboznai and their companions, and said thus unto them, Who hath commanded you to build this house, and to make up this wall?
Ezra 5:13	But in the first year of Cyrus the king of Babylon the same king Cyrus made a decree to build this house of God.
Ezra 6:6	Now therefore, Tatnai, governor beyond the river, Shetharboznai, and your companions the Apharsachites, which are beyond the river, be ye far from thence:
Ezra 6:16	And the children of Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the rest of the children of the captivity, kept the dedication of this house of God with joy.
Ezra 7:4	The son of Zerahiah, the son of Uzzi, the son of Bukki,
Ezra 7:14	Forasmuch as thou art sent of the king, and of his seven counsellors, to enquire concerning Judah and Jerusalem, according to the law of thy God which is in thine hand;
Ezra 7:24	Also we certify you, that touching any of the priests and Levites, singers, porters, Nethinims, or ministers of this house of God, it shall not be lawful to impose toll, tribute, or custom, upon them.
Ezra 8:6	Of the sons also of Adin; Ebed the son of Jonathan, and with him fifty males.
Ezra 8:16	Then sent I for Eliezer, for Ariel, for Shemaiah, and for Elnathan, and for Jarib, and for Elnathan, and for Nathan, and for Zechariah, and for Meshullam, chief men; also for Joiarib, and for Elnathan, men of understanding.
Ezra 8:26	I even weighed unto their hand six hundred and fifty talents of silver, and silver vessels an hundred talents, and of gold an hundred talents;
Ezra 8:36	And they delivered the king's commissions unto the king's lieutenants, and to the governors on this side the river: and they furthered the people, and the house of God.
Ezra 9:10	And now, O our God, what shall we say after this? for we have forsaken thy commandments,
Ezra 10:5	Then arose Ezra, and made the chief priests, the Levites, and all Israel, to swear that they should do according to this word. And they sware.
Ezra 10:15	Only Jonathan the son of Asahel and Jahaziah the son of Tikvah were employed about this matter: and Meshullam and Shabbethai the Levite helped them.
Ezra 10:25	Moreover of Israel: of the sons of Parosh; Ramiah, and Jeziah, and Malchiah, and Miamin, and Eleazar, and Malchijah, and Benaiah.
Ezra 10:35	Benaiah, Bedeiah, Chelluh,
Nehemiah 1:1	The words of Nehemiah the son of Hachaliah. And it came to pass in the month Chisleu, in the twentieth year, as I was in Shushan the palace,
Nehemiah 1:11	O LORD, I beseech thee, let now thine ear be attentive to the prayer of thy servant, and to the prayer of thy servants, who desire to fear thy name: and prosper, I pray thee, thy servant this day, and grant him mercy in the sight of this man. For I was the king's cupbearer.
Nehemiah 2:10	When Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, heard of it, it grieved them exceedingly that there was come a man to seek the welfare of the children of Israel.
Nehemiah 2:20	Then answered I them, and said unto them, The God of heaven, he will prosper us; therefore we his servants will arise and build: but ye have no portion, nor right, nor memorial, in Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 3:10	And next unto them repaired Jedaiah the son of Harumaph, even over against his house. And next unto him repaired Hattush the son of Hashabniah.
Nehemiah 3:20	After him Baruch the son of Zabbai earnestly repaired the other piece, from the turning of the wall unto the door of the house of Eliashib the high priest.
Nehemiah 3:30	After him repaired Hananiah the son of Shelemiah, and Hanun the sixth son of Zalaph, another piece. After him repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah over against his chamber.
Nehemiah 4:8	And conspired all of them together to come and to fight against Jerusalem, and to hinder it.
Nehemiah 4:18	For the builders, every one had his sword girded by his side, and so builded. And he that sounded the trumpet was by me.
Nehemiah 5:5	Yet now our flesh is as the flesh of our brethren, our children as their children: and, lo, we bring into bondage our sons and our daughters to be servants, and some of our daughters are brought unto bondage already: neither is it in our power to redeem them; for other men have our lands and vineyards.
Nehemiah 5:15	But the former governors that had been before me were chargeable unto the people, and had taken of them bread and wine, beside forty shekels of silver; yea, even their servants bare rule over the people: but so did not I, because of the fear of God.
Nehemiah 6:6	Wherein was written, It is reported among the heathen, and Gashmu saith it, that thou and the Jews think to rebel: for which cause thou buildest the wall, that thou mayest be their king, according to these words.
Nehemiah 6:16	And it came to pass, that when all our enemies heard thereof, and all the heathen that were about us saw these things, they were much cast down in their own eyes: for they perceived that this work was wrought of our God.
Nehemiah 7:7	Who came with Zerubbabel, Jeshua, Nehemiah, Azariah, Raamiah, Nahamani, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mispereth, Bigvai, Nehum, Baanah. The number, I say, of the men of the people of Israel was this;
Nehemiah 7:17	The children of Azgad, two thousand three hundred twenty and two.
Nehemiah 7:27	The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight.
Nehemiah 7:37	The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and one.
Nehemiah 7:47	The children of Keros, the children of Sia, the children of Padon,
Nehemiah 7:57	The children of Solomon's servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of Perida,
Nehemiah 7:67	Beside their manservants and their maidservants, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven: and they had two hundred forty and five singing men and singing women.
Nehemiah 8:4	And Ezra the scribe stood upon a pulpit of wood, which they had made for the purpose; and beside him stood Mattithiah, and Shema, and Anaiah, and Urijah, and Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on his right hand; and on his left hand, Pedaiah, and Mishael, and Malchiah, and Hashum, and Hashbadana, Zechariah, and Meshullam.
Nehemiah 8:14	And they found written in the law which the LORD had commanded by Moses, that the children of Israel should dwell in booths in the feast of the seventh month:
Nehemiah 9:6	Thou, even thou, art LORD alone; thou hast made heaven, the heaven of heavens, with all their host, the earth, and all things that are therein, the seas, and all that is therein, and thou preservest them all; and the host of heaven worshippeth thee.
Nehemiah 9:16	But they and our fathers dealt proudly, and hardened their necks, and hearkened not to thy commandments,
Nehemiah 9:26	Nevertheless they were disobedient, and rebelled against thee, and cast thy law behind their backs, and slew thy prophets which testified against them to turn them to thee, and they wrought great provocations.
Nehemiah 9:36	Behold, we are servants this day, and for the land that thou gavest unto our fathers to eat the fruit thereof and the good thereof, behold, we are servants in it:
Nehemiah 10:8	Maaziah, Bilgai, Shemaiah: these were the priests.
Nehemiah 10:18	Hodijah, Hashum, Bezai,
Nehemiah 10:28	And the rest of the people, the priests, the Levites, the porters, the singers, the Nethinims, and all they that had separated themselves from the people of the lands unto the law of God, their wives, their sons, and their daughters, every one having knowledge, and having understanding;
Nehemiah 10:38	And the priest the son of Aaron shall be with the Levites, when the Levites take tithes: and the Levites shall bring up the tithe of the tithes unto the house of our God, to the chambers, into the treasure house.
Nehemiah 11:9	And Joel the son of Zichri was their overseer: and Judah the son of Senuah was second over the city.
Nehemiah 11:19	Moreover the porters, Akkub, Talmon, and their brethren that kept the gates, were an hundred seventy and two.
Nehemiah 11:29	And at Enrimmon, and at Zareah, and at Jarmuth,
Nehemiah 12:3	Shechaniah, Rehum, Meremoth,
Nehemiah 12:13	Of Ezra, Meshullam; of Amariah, Jehohanan;
Nehemiah 12:23	The sons of Levi, the chief of the fathers, were written in the book of the chronicles, even until the days of Johanan the son of Eliashib.
Nehemiah 12:33	And Azariah, Ezra, and Meshullam,
Nehemiah 12:43	Also that day they offered great sacrifices, and rejoiced: for God had made them rejoice with great joy: the wives also and the children rejoiced: so that the joy of Jerusalem was heard even afar off.
Nehemiah 13:6	But in all this time was not I at Jerusalem: for in the two and thirtieth year of Artaxerxes king of Babylon came I unto the king, and after certain days obtained I leave of the king:
Nehemiah 13:16	There dwelt men of Tyre also therein, which brought fish, and all manner of ware, and sold on the sabbath unto the children of Judah, and in Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 13:26	Did not Solomon king of Israel sin by these things? yet among many nations was there no king like him, who was beloved of his God, and God made him king over all Israel: nevertheless even him did outlandish women cause to sin.
Esther 1:5	And when these days were expired, the king made a feast unto all the people that were present in Shushan the palace, both unto great and small, seven days, in the court of the garden of the king's palace;
Esther 1:15	What shall we do unto the queen Vashti according to law, because she hath not performed the commandment of the king Ahasuerus by the chamberlains?
Esther 2:3	And let the king appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom, that they may gather together all the fair young virgins unto Shushan the palace, to the house of the women, unto the custody of Hege the king's chamberlain, keeper of the women; and let their things for purification be given them:
Esther 2:13	Then thus came every maiden unto the king; whatsoever she desired was given her to go with her out of the house of the women unto the king's house.
Esther 2:23	And when inquisition was made of the matter, it was found out; therefore they were both hanged on a tree: and it was written in the book of the chronicles before the king.
Esther 3:10	And the king took his ring from his hand, and gave it unto Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the Jews' enemy.
Esther 4:5	Then called Esther for Hatach, one of the king's chamberlains, whom he had appointed to attend upon her, and gave him a commandment to Mordecai, to know what it was, and why it was.
Esther 4:15	Then Esther bade them return Mordecai this answer,
Esther 5:8	If I have found favour in the sight of the king, and if it please the king to grant my petition, and to perform my request, let the king and Haman come to the banquet that I shall prepare for them, and I will do to morrow as the king hath said.
Esther 6:4	And the king said, Who is in the court? Now Haman was come into the outward court of the king's house, to speak unto the king to hang Mordecai on the gallows that he had prepared for him.
Esther 6:14	And while they were yet talking with him, came the king's chamberlains, and hasted to bring Haman unto the banquet that Esther had prepared.
Esther 7:10	So they hanged Haman on the gallows that he had prepared for Mordecai. Then was the king's wrath pacified.
Esther 8:10	And he wrote in the king Ahasuerus' name, and sealed it with the king's ring, and sent letters by posts on horseback, and riders on mules, camels, and young dromedaries:
Esther 9:3	And all the rulers of the provinces, and the lieutenants, and the deputies, and officers of the king, helped the Jews; because the fear of Mordecai fell upon them.
Esther 9:13	Then said Esther, If it please the king, let it be granted to the Jews which are in Shushan to do to morrow also according unto this day's decree, and let Haman's ten sons be hanged upon the gallows.
Esther 9:23	And the Jews undertook to do as they had begun, and as Mordecai had written unto them;
Esther 10:1	And the king Ahasuerus laid a tribute upon the land, and upon the isles of the sea.
Job 1:8	And the LORD said unto Satan, Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweth evil?
Job 1:18	While he was yet speaking, there came also another, and said, Thy sons and thy daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother's house:
Job 2:6	And the LORD said unto Satan, Behold, he is in thine hand; but save his life.
Job 3:3	Let the day perish wherein I was born, and the night in which it was said, There is a man child conceived.
Job 3:13	For now should I have lain still and been quiet, I should have slept: then had I been at rest,
Job 3:23	Why is light given to a man whose way is hid, and whom God hath hedged in?
Job 4:7	Remember, I pray thee, who ever perished, being innocent? or where were the righteous cut off?
Job 4:17	Shall mortal man be more just than God? shall a man be more pure than his maker?
Job 5:6	Although affliction cometh not forth of the dust, neither doth trouble spring out of the ground;
Job 5:16	So the poor hath hope, and iniquity stoppeth her mouth.
Job 5:26	Thou shalt come to thy grave in a full age, like as a shock of corn cometh in in his season.
Job 6:9	Even that it would please God to destroy me; that he would let loose his hand, and cut me off!
Job 6:19	The troops of Tema looked, the companies of Sheba waited for them.
Job 6:29	Return, I pray you, let it not be iniquity; yea, return again, my righteousness is in it.
Job 7:9	As the cloud is consumed and vanisheth away: so he that goeth down to the grave shall come up no more.
Job 7:19	How long wilt thou not depart from me, nor let me alone till I swallow down my spittle?
Job 8:8	For enquire, I pray thee, of the former age, and prepare thyself to the search of their fathers:
Job 8:18	If he destroy him from his place, then it shall deny him, saying, I have not seen thee.
Job 9:6	Which shaketh the earth out of her place, and the pillars thereof tremble.
Job 9:16	If I had called, and he had answered me; yet would I not believe that he had hearkened unto my voice.
Job 9:26	They are passed away as the swift ships: as the eagle that hasteth to the prey.
Job 10:1	My soul is weary of my life; I will leave my complaint upon myself; I will speak in the bitterness of my soul.
Job 10:11	Thou hast clothed me with skin and flesh, and hast fenced me with bones and sinews.
Job 10:21	Before I go whence I shall not return, even to the land of darkness and the shadow of death;
Job 11:9	The measure thereof is longer than the earth, and broader than the sea.
Job 11:19	Also thou shalt lie down, and none shall make thee afraid; yea, many shall make suit unto thee.
Job 12:9	Who knoweth not in all these that the hand of the LORD hath wrought this?
Job 12:19	He leadeth princes away spoiled, and overthroweth the mighty.
Job 13:4	But ye are forgers of lies, ye are all physicians of no value.
Job 13:14	Wherefore do I take my flesh in my teeth, and put my life in mine hand?
Job 13:24	Wherefore hidest thou thy face, and holdest me for thine enemy?
Job 14:6	Turn from him, that he may rest, till he shall accomplish, as an hireling, his day.
Job 14:16	For now thou numberest my steps: dost thou not watch over my sin?
Job 15:4	Yea, thou castest off fear, and restrainest prayer before God.
Job 15:14	What is man, that he should be clean? and he which is born of a woman, that he should be righteous?
Job 15:24	Trouble and anguish shall make him afraid; they shall prevail against him, as a king ready to the battle.
Job 15:34	For the congregation of hypocrites shall be desolate, and fire shall consume the tabernacles of bribery.
Job 16:9	He teareth me in his wrath, who hateth me: he gnasheth upon me with his teeth; mine enemy sharpeneth his eyes upon me.
Job 16:19	Also now, behold, my witness is in heaven, and my record is on high.
Job 17:7	Mine eye also is dim by reason of sorrow, and all my members are as a shadow.
Job 18:1	Then answered Bildad the Shuhite, and said,
Job 18:11	Terrors shall make him afraid on every side, and shall drive him to his feet.
Job 18:21	Surely such are the dwellings of the wicked, and this is the place of him that knoweth not God.
Job 19:10	He hath destroyed me on every side, and I am gone: and mine hope hath he removed like a tree.
Job 19:20	My bone cleaveth to my skin and to my flesh, and I am escaped with the skin of my teeth.
Job 20:1	Then answered Zophar the Naamathite, and said,
Job 20:11	His bones are full of the sin of his youth, which shall lie down with him in the dust.
Job 20:21	There shall none of his meat be left; therefore shall no man look for his goods.
Job 21:2	Hear diligently my speech, and let this be your consolations.
Job 21:12	They take the timbrel and harp, and rejoice at the sound of the organ.
Job 21:22	Shall any teach God knowledge? seeing he judgeth those that are high.
Job 21:32	Yet shall he be brought to the grave, and shall remain in the tomb.
Job 22:8	But as for the mighty man, he had the earth; and the honourable man dwelt in it.
Job 22:18	Yet he filled their houses with good things: but the counsel of the wicked is far from me.
Job 22:28	Thou shalt also decree a thing, and it shall be established unto thee: and the light shall shine upon thy ways.
Job 23:8	Behold, I go forward, but he is not there; and backward, but I cannot perceive him:
Job 24:1	Why, seeing times are not hidden from the Almighty, do they that know him not see his days?
Job 24:11	Which make oil within their walls, and tread their winepresses, and suffer thirst.
Job 24:21	He evil entreateth the barren that beareth not: and doeth not good to the widow.
Job 25:6	How much less man, that is a worm? and the son of man, which is a worm?
Job 26:10	He hath compassed the waters with bounds, until the day and night come to an end.
Job 27:6	My righteousness I hold fast, and will not let it go: my heart shall not reproach me so long as I live.
Job 27:16	Though he heap up silver as the dust, and prepare raiment as the clay;
Job 28:3	He setteth an end to darkness, and searcheth out all perfection: the stones of darkness, and the shadow of death.
Job 28:13	Man knoweth not the price thereof; neither is it found in the land of the living.
Job 28:23	God understandeth the way thereof, and he knoweth the place thereof.
Job 29:5	When the Almighty was yet with me, when my children were about me;
Job 29:15	I was eyes to the blind, and feet was I to the lame.
Job 29:25	I chose out their way, and sat chief, and dwelt as a king in the army, as one that comforteth the mourners.
Job 30:10	They abhor me, they flee far from me, and spare not to spit in my face.
Job 30:20	I cry unto thee, and thou dost not hear me: I stand up, and thou regardest me not.
Job 30:30	My skin is black upon me, and my bones are burned with heat.
Job 31:9	If mine heart have been deceived by a woman, or if I have laid wait at my neighbour's door;
Job 31:19	If I have seen any perish for want of clothing, or any poor without covering;
Job 31:29	If I rejoice at the destruction of him that hated me, or lifted up myself when evil found him:
Job 31:39	If I have eaten the fruits thereof without money, or have caused the owners thereof to lose their life:
Job 32:9	Great men are not always wise: neither do the aged understand judgment.
Job 32:19	Behold, my belly is as wine which hath no vent; it is ready to burst like new bottles.
Job 33:7	Behold, my terror shall not make thee afraid, neither shall my hand be heavy upon thee.
Job 33:17	That he may withdraw man from his purpose, and hide pride from man.
Job 33:27	He looketh upon men, and if any say, I have sinned, and perverted that which was right, and it profited me not;
Job 34:4	Let us choose to us judgment: let us know among ourselves what is good.
Job 34:14	If he set his heart upon man, if he gather unto himself his spirit and his breath;
Job 34:24	He shall break in pieces mighty men without number, and set others in their stead.
Job 34:34	Let men of understanding tell me, and let a wise man hearken unto me.
Job 35:7	If thou be righteous, what givest thou him? or what receiveth he of thine hand?
Job 36:1	Elihu also proceeded, and said,
Job 36:11	If they obey and serve him, they shall spend their days in prosperity, and their years in pleasures.
Job 36:21	Take heed, regard not iniquity: for this hast thou chosen rather than affliction.
Job 36:31	For by them judgeth he the people; he giveth meat in abundance.
Job 37:8	Then the beasts go into dens, and remain in their places.
Job 37:18	Hast thou with him spread out the sky, which is strong, and as a molten looking glass?
Job 38:4	Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? declare, if thou hast understanding.
Job 38:14	It is turned as clay to the seal; and they stand as a garment.
Job 38:24	By what way is the light parted, which scattereth the east wind upon the earth?
Job 38:34	Canst thou lift up thy voice to the clouds, that abundance of waters may cover thee?
Job 39:3	They bow themselves, they bring forth their young ones, they cast out their sorrows.
Job 39:13	Gavest thou the goodly wings unto the peacocks? or wings and feathers unto the ostrich?
Job 39:23	The quiver rattleth against him, the glittering spear and the shield.
Job 40:3	Then Job answered the LORD, and said,
Job 40:13	Hide them in the dust together; and bind their faces in secret.
Job 40:23	Behold, he drinketh up a river, and hasteth not: he trusteth that he can draw up Jordan into his mouth.
Job 41:9	Behold, the hope of him is in vain: shall not one be cast down even at the sight of him?
Job 41:19	Out of his mouth go burning lamps, and sparks of fire leap out.
Job 41:29	Darts are counted as stubble: he laugheth at the shaking of a spear.
Job 42:5	I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear: but now mine eye seeth thee.
Job 42:15	And in all the land were no women found so fair as the daughters of Job: and their father gave them inheritance among their brethren.
Psalms 2:2	The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the LORD, and against his anointed, saying,
Psalms 2:12	Kiss the Son, lest he be angry, and ye perish from the way, when his wrath is kindled but a little. Blessed are all they that put their trust in him.
Psalms 4:2	O ye sons of men, how long will ye turn my glory into shame? how long will ye love vanity, and seek after leasing? Selah.
Psalms 5:4	For thou art not a God that hath pleasure in wickedness: neither shall evil dwell with thee.
Psalms 6:2	Have mercy upon me, O LORD; for I am weak: O LORD, heal me; for my bones are vexed.
Psalms 7:2	Lest he tear my soul like a lion, rending it in pieces, while there is none to deliver.
Psalms 7:12	If he turn not, he will whet his sword; he hath bent his bow, and made it ready.
Psalms 8:5	For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honour.
Psalms 9:6	O thou enemy, destructions are come to a perpetual end: and thou hast destroyed cities; their memorial is perished with them.
Psalms 9:16	The LORD is known by the judgment which he executeth: the wicked is snared in the work of his own hands. Higgaion. Selah.
Psalms 10:6	He hath said in his heart, I shall not be moved: for I shall never be in adversity.
Psalms 10:16	The LORD is King for ever and ever: the heathen are perished out of his land.
Psalms 12:1	Help, LORD; for the godly man ceaseth; for the faithful fail from among the children of men.
Psalms 13:3	Consider and hear me, O LORD my God: lighten mine eyes, lest I sleep the sleep of death;
Psalms 14:7	Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion! when the LORD bringeth back the captivity of his people, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad.
Psalms 16:5	The LORD is the portion of mine inheritance and of my cup: thou maintainest my lot.
Psalms 17:4	Concerning the works of men, by the word of thy lips I have kept me from the paths of the destroyer.
Psalms 17:14	From men which are thy hand, O LORD, from men of the world, which have their portion in this life, and whose belly thou fillest with thy hid treasure: they are full of children, and leave the rest of their substance to their babes.
Psalms 18:9	He bowed the heavens also, and came down: and darkness was under his feet.
Psalms 18:19	He brought me forth also into a large place; he delivered me, because he delighted in me.
Psalms 18:29	For by thee I have run through a troop; and by my God have I leaped over a wall.
Psalms 18:39	For thou hast girded me with strength unto the battle: thou hast subdued under me those that rose up against me.
Psalms 18:49	Therefore will I give thanks unto thee, O LORD, among the heathen, and sing praises unto thy name.
Psalms 19:9	The fear of the LORD is clean, enduring for ever: the judgments of the LORD are true and righteous altogether.
Psalms 20:5	We will rejoice in thy salvation, and in the name of our God we will set up our banners: the LORD fulfil all thy petitions.
Psalms 21:6	For thou hast made him most blessed for ever: thou hast made him exceeding glad with thy countenance.
Psalms 22:3	But thou art holy, O thou that inhabitest the praises of Israel.
Psalms 22:13	They gaped upon me with their mouths, as a ravening and a roaring lion.
Psalms 22:23	Ye that fear the LORD, praise him; all ye the seed of Jacob, glorify him; and fear him, all ye the seed of Israel.
Psalms 23:2	He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside the still waters.
Psalms 24:6	This is the generation of them that seek him, that seek thy face, O Jacob. Selah.
Psalms 25:6	Remember, O LORD, thy tender mercies and thy lovingkindnesses; for they have been ever of old.
Psalms 25:16	Turn thee unto me, and have mercy upon me; for I am desolate and afflicted.
Psalms 26:4	I have not sat with vain persons, neither will I go in with dissemblers.
Psalms 27:2	When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell.
Psalms 27:12	Deliver me not over unto the will of mine enemies: for false witnesses are risen up against me, and such as breathe out cruelty.
Psalms 28:8	The LORD is their strength, and he is the saving strength of his anointed.
Psalms 29:9	The voice of the LORD maketh the hinds to calve, and discovereth the forests: and in his temple doth every one speak of his glory.
Psalms 30:8	I cried to thee, O LORD; and unto the LORD I made supplication.
Psalms 31:6	I have hated them that regard lying vanities: but I trust in the LORD.
Psalms 31:16	Make thy face to shine upon thy servant: save me for thy mercies' sake.
Psalms 32:2	Blessed is the man unto whom the LORD imputeth not iniquity, and in whose spirit there is no guile.
Psalms 33:1	Rejoice in the LORD, O ye righteous: for praise is comely for the upright.
Psalms 33:11	The counsel of the LORD standeth for ever, the thoughts of his heart to all generations.
Psalms 33:21	For our heart shall rejoice in him, because we have trusted in his holy name.
Psalms 34:9	O fear the LORD, ye his saints: for there is no want to them that fear him.
Psalms 34:19	Many are the afflictions of the righteous: but the LORD delivereth him out of them all.
Psalms 35:7	For without cause have they hid for me their net in a pit, which without cause they have digged for my soul.
Psalms 35:17	Lord, how long wilt thou look on? rescue my soul from their destructions, my darling from the lions.
Psalms 35:27	Let them shout for joy, and be glad, that favour my righteous cause: yea, let them say continually, Let the LORD be magnified, which hath pleasure in the prosperity of his servant.
Psalms 36:9	For with thee is the fountain of life: in thy light shall we see light.
Psalms 37:7	Rest in the LORD, and wait patiently for him: fret not thyself because of him who prospereth in his way, because of the man who bringeth wicked devices to pass.
Psalms 37:17	For the arms of the wicked shall be broken: but the LORD upholdeth the righteous.
Psalms 37:27	Depart from evil, and do good; and dwell for evermore.
Psalms 37:37	Mark the perfect man, and behold the upright: for the end of that man is peace.
Psalms 38:7	For my loins are filled with a loathsome disease: and there is no soundness in my flesh.
Psalms 38:17	For I am ready to halt, and my sorrow is continually before me.
Psalms 39:5	Behold, thou hast made my days as an handbreadth; and mine age is as nothing before thee: verily every man at his best state is altogether vanity. Selah.
Psalms 40:2	He brought me up also out of an horrible pit, out of the miry clay, and set my feet upon a rock, and established my goings.
Psalms 40:12	For innumerable evils have compassed me about: mine iniquities have taken hold upon me, so that I am not able to look up; they are more than the hairs of mine head: therefore my heart faileth me.
Psalms 41:5	Mine enemies speak evil of me, When shall he die, and his name perish?
Psalms 42:2	My soul thirsteth for God, for the living God: when shall I come and appear before God?
Psalms 43:1	Judge me, O God, and plead my cause against an ungodly nation: O deliver me from the deceitful and unjust man.
Psalms 44:6	For I will not trust in my bow, neither shall my sword save me.
Psalms 44:16	For the voice of him that reproacheth and blasphemeth; by reason of the enemy and avenger.
Psalms 44:26	Arise for our help, and redeem us for thy mercies' sake.
Psalms 45:10	Hearken, O daughter, and consider, and incline thine ear; forget also thine own people, and thy father's house;
Psalms 46:3	Though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof. Selah.
Psalms 47:2	For the LORD most high is terrible; he is a great King over all the earth.
Psalms 48:3	God is known in her palaces for a refuge.
Psalms 48:13	Mark ye well her bulwarks, consider her palaces; that ye may tell it to the generation following.
Psalms 49:9	That he should still live for ever, and not see corruption.
Psalms 49:19	He shall go to the generation of his fathers; they shall never see light.
Psalms 50:9	I will take no bullock out of thy house, nor he goats out of thy folds.
Psalms 50:19	Thou givest thy mouth to evil, and thy tongue frameth deceit.
Psalms 51:6	Behold, thou desirest truth in the inward parts: and in the hidden part thou shalt make me to know wisdom.
Psalms 51:16	For thou desirest not sacrifice; else would I give it: thou delightest not in burnt offering.
Psalms 52:7	Lo, this is the man that made not God his strength; but trusted in the abundance of his riches, and strengthened himself in his wickedness.
Psalms 54:2	Hear my prayer, O God; give ear to the words of my mouth.
Psalms 55:5	Fearfulness and trembling are come upon me, and horror hath overwhelmed me.
Psalms 55:15	Let death seize upon them, and let them go down quick into hell: for wickedness is in their dwellings, and among them.
Psalms 56:2	Mine enemies would daily swallow me up: for they be many that fight against me, O thou most High.
Psalms 56:12	Thy vows are upon me, O God: I will render praises unto thee.
Psalms 57:9	I will praise thee, O Lord, among the people: I will sing unto thee among the nations.
Psalms 58:8	As a snail which melteth, let every one of them pass away: like the untimely birth of a woman, that they may not see the sun.
Psalms 59:7	Behold, they belch out with their mouth: swords are in their lips: for who, say they, doth hear?
Psalms 59:17	Unto thee, O my strength, will I sing: for God is my defence, and the God of my mercy.
Psalms 60:10	Wilt not thou, O God, which hadst cast us off? and thou, O God, which didst not go out with our armies?
Psalms 61:8	So will I sing praise unto thy name for ever, that I may daily perform my vows.
Psalms 62:10	Trust not in oppression, and become not vain in robbery: if riches increase, set not your heart upon them.
Psalms 63:8	My soul followeth hard after thee: thy right hand upholdeth me.
Psalms 64:7	But God shall shoot at them with an arrow; suddenly shall they be wounded.
Psalms 65:7	Which stilleth the noise of the seas, the noise of their waves, and the tumult of the people.
Psalms 66:4	All the earth shall worship thee, and shall sing unto thee; they shall sing to thy name. Selah.
Psalms 66:14	Which my lips have uttered, and my mouth hath spoken, when I was in trouble.
Psalms 67:4	O let the nations be glad and sing for joy: for thou shalt judge the people righteously, and govern the nations upon earth. Selah.
Psalms 68:7	O God, when thou wentest forth before thy people, when thou didst march through the wilderness; Selah:
Psalms 68:17	The chariots of God are twenty thousand, even thousands of angels: the Lord is among them, as in Sinai, in the holy place.
Psalms 68:27	There is little Benjamin with their ruler, the princes of Judah and their council, the princes of Zebulun, and the princes of Naphtali.
Psalms 69:2	I sink in deep mire, where there is no standing: I am come into deep waters, where the floods overflow me.
Psalms 69:12	They that sit in the gate speak against me; and I was the song of the drunkards.
Psalms 69:22	Let their table become a snare before them: and that which should have been for their welfare, let it become a trap.
Psalms 69:32	The humble shall see this, and be glad: and your heart shall live that seek God.
Psalms 71:1	In thee, O LORD, do I put my trust: let me never be put to confusion.
Psalms 71:11	Saying, God hath forsaken him: persecute and take him; for there is none to deliver him.
Psalms 71:21	Thou shalt increase my greatness, and comfort me on every side.
Psalms 72:7	In his days shall the righteous flourish; and abundance of peace so long as the moon endureth.
Psalms 72:17	His name shall endure for ever: his name shall be continued as long as the sun: and men shall be blessed in him: all nations shall call him blessed.
Psalms 73:7	Their eyes stand out with fatness: they have more than heart could wish.
Psalms 73:17	Until I went into the sanctuary of God; then understood I their end.
Psalms 73:27	For, lo, they that are far from thee shall perish: thou hast destroyed all them that go a whoring from thee.
Psalms 74:9	We see not our signs: there is no more any prophet: neither is there among us any that knoweth how long.
Psalms 74:19	O deliver not the soul of thy turtledove unto the multitude of the wicked: forget not the congregation of thy poor for ever.
Psalms 75:6	For promotion cometh neither from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south.
Psalms 76:6	At thy rebuke, O God of Jacob, both the chariot and horse are cast into a dead sleep.
Psalms 77:4	Thou holdest mine eyes waking: I am so troubled that I cannot speak.
Psalms 77:14	Thou art the God that doest wonders: thou hast declared thy strength among the people.
Psalms 78:4	We will not hide them from their children, shewing to the generation to come the praises of the LORD, and his strength, and his wonderful works that he hath done.
Psalms 78:14	In the daytime also he led them with a cloud, and all the night with a light of fire.
Psalms 78:24	And had rained down manna upon them to eat, and had given them of the corn of heaven.
Psalms 78:34	When he slew them, then they sought him: and they returned and enquired early after God.
Psalms 78:44	And had turned their rivers into blood; and their floods, that they could not drink.
Psalms 78:54	And he brought them to the border of his sanctuary, even to this mountain, which his right hand had purchased.
Psalms 78:64	Their priests fell by the sword; and their widows made no lamentation.
Psalms 79:2	The dead bodies of thy servants have they given to be meat unto the fowls of the heaven, the flesh of thy saints unto the beasts of the earth.
Psalms 79:12	And render unto our neighbours sevenfold into their bosom their reproach, wherewith they have reproached thee, O Lord.
Psalms 80:9	Thou preparedst room before it, and didst cause it to take deep root, and it filled the land.
Psalms 80:19	Turn us again, O LORD God of hosts, cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved.
Psalms 81:10	I am the LORD thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt: open thy mouth wide, and I will fill it.
Psalms 82:4	Deliver the poor and needy: rid them out of the hand of the wicked.
Psalms 83:6	The tabernacles of Edom, and the Ishmaelites; of Moab, and the Hagarenes;
Psalms 83:16	Fill their faces with shame; that they may seek thy name, O LORD.
Psalms 84:8	O LORD God of hosts, hear my prayer: give ear, O God of Jacob. Selah.
Psalms 85:6	Wilt thou not revive us again: that thy people may rejoice in thee?
Psalms 86:3	Be merciful unto me, O Lord: for I cry unto thee daily.
Psalms 86:13	For great is thy mercy toward me: and thou hast delivered my soul from the lowest hell.
Psalms 87:6	The LORD shall count, when he writeth up the people, that this man was born there. Selah.
Psalms 88:9	Mine eye mourneth by reason of affliction: LORD, I have called daily upon thee, I have stretched out my hands unto thee.
Psalms 89:1	I will sing of the mercies of the LORD for ever: with my mouth will I make known thy faithfulness to all generations.
Psalms 89:11	The heavens are thine, the earth also is thine: as for the world and the fulness thereof, thou hast founded them.
Psalms 89:21	With whom my hand shall be established: mine arm also shall strengthen him.
Psalms 89:31	If they break my statutes, and keep not my commandments;
Psalms 89:41	All that pass by the way spoil him: he is a reproach to his neighbours.
Psalms 89:51	Wherewith thine enemies have reproached, O LORD; wherewith they have reproached the footsteps of thine anointed.
Psalms 90:9	For all our days are passed away in thy wrath: we spend our years as a tale that is told.
Psalms 91:2	I will say of the LORD, He is my refuge and my fortress: my God; in him will I trust.
Psalms 91:12	They shall bear thee up in their hands, lest thou dash thy foot against a stone.
Psalms 92:6	A brutish man knoweth not; neither doth a fool understand this.
Psalms 93:1	The LORD reigneth, he is clothed with majesty; the LORD is clothed with strength, wherewith he hath girded himself: the world also is stablished, that it cannot be moved.
Psalms 94:6	They slay the widow and the stranger, and murder the fatherless.
Psalms 94:16	Who will rise up for me against the evildoers? or who will stand up for me against the workers of iniquity?
Psalms 95:3	For the LORD is a great God, and a great King above all gods.
Psalms 96:2	Sing unto the LORD, bless his name; shew forth his salvation from day to day.
Psalms 96:12	Let the field be joyful, and all that is therein: then shall all the trees of the wood rejoice
Psalms 97:9	For thou, LORD, art high above all the earth: thou art exalted far above all gods.
Psalms 98:7	Let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein.
Psalms 99:8	Thou answeredst them, O LORD our God: thou wast a God that forgavest them, though thou tookest vengeance of their inventions.
Psalms 101:4	A froward heart shall depart from me: I will not know a wicked person.
Psalms 102:6	I am like a pelican of the wilderness: I am like an owl of the desert.
Psalms 102:16	When the LORD shall build up Zion, he shall appear in his glory.
Psalms 102:26	They shall perish, but thou shalt endure: yea, all of them shall wax old like a garment; as a vesture shalt thou change them, and they shall be changed:
Psalms 103:8	The LORD is merciful and gracious, slow to anger, and plenteous in mercy.
Psalms 103:18	To such as keep his covenant, and to those that remember his commandments to do them.
Psalms 104:6	Thou coveredst it with the deep as with a garment: the waters stood above the mountains.
Psalms 104:16	The trees of the LORD are full of sap; the cedars of Lebanon, which he hath planted;
Psalms 104:26	There go the ships: there is that leviathan, whom thou hast made to play therein.
Psalms 105:1	O give thanks unto the LORD; call upon his name: make known his deeds among the people.
Psalms 105:11	Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance:
Psalms 105:21	He made him lord of his house, and ruler of all his substance:
Psalms 105:31	He spake, and there came divers sorts of flies, and lice in all their coasts.
Psalms 105:41	He opened the rock, and the waters gushed out; they ran in the dry places like a river.
Psalms 106:6	We have sinned with our fathers, we have committed iniquity, we have done wickedly.
Psalms 106:16	They envied Moses also in the camp, and Aaron the saint of the LORD.
Psalms 106:26	Therefore he lifted up his hand against them, to overthrow them in the wilderness:
Psalms 106:36	And they served their idols: which were a snare unto them.
Psalms 106:46	He made them also to be pitied of all those that carried them captives.
Psalms 107:8	Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!
Psalms 107:18	Their soul abhorreth all manner of meat; and they draw near unto the gates of death.
Psalms 107:28	Then they cry unto the LORD in their trouble, and he bringeth them out of their distresses.
Psalms 107:38	He blesseth them also, so that they are multiplied greatly; and suffereth not their cattle to decrease.
Psalms 108:5	Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens: and thy glory above all the earth;
Psalms 109:2	For the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me: they have spoken against me with a lying tongue.
Psalms 109:12	Let there be none to extend mercy unto him: neither let there be any to favour his fatherless children.
Psalms 109:22	For I am poor and needy, and my heart is wounded within me.
Psalms 110:1	The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou at my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool.
Psalms 111:4	He hath made his wonderful works to be remembered: the LORD is gracious and full of compassion.
Psalms 112:4	Unto the upright there ariseth light in the darkness: he is gracious, and full of compassion, and righteous.
Psalms 113:4	The LORD is high above all nations, and his glory above the heavens.
Psalms 114:5	What ailed thee, O thou sea, that thou fleddest? thou Jordan, that thou wast driven back?
Psalms 115:7	They have hands, but they handle not: feet have they, but they walk not: neither speak they through their throat.
Psalms 115:17	The dead praise not the LORD, neither any that go down into silence.
Psalms 116:9	I will walk before the LORD in the land of the living.
Psalms 116:19	In the courts of the LORD's house, in the midst of thee, O Jerusalem. Praise ye the LORD.
Psalms 118:8	It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in man.
Psalms 118:18	The LORD hath chastened me sore: but he hath not given me over unto death.
Psalms 118:28	Thou art my God, and I will praise thee: thou art my God, I will exalt thee.
Psalms 119:9	Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way? by taking heed thereto according to thy word.
Psalms 119:19	I am a stranger in the earth: hide not thy commandments from me.
Psalms 119:29	Remove from me the way of lying: and grant me thy law graciously.
Psalms 119:39	Turn away my reproach which I fear: for thy judgments are good.
Psalms 119:49	Remember the word unto thy servant, upon which thou hast caused me to hope.
Psalms 119:59	I thought on my ways, and turned my feet unto thy testimonies.
Psalms 119:69	The proud have forged a lie against me: but I will keep thy precepts with my whole heart.
Psalms 119:79	Let those that fear thee turn unto me, and those that have known thy testimonies.
Psalms 119:89	For ever, O LORD, thy word is settled in heaven.
Psalms 119:99	I have more understanding than all my teachers: for thy testimonies are my meditation.
Psalms 119:109	My soul is continually in my hand: yet do I not forget thy law.
Psalms 119:119	Thou puttest away all the wicked of the earth like dross: therefore I love thy testimonies.
Psalms 119:129	Thy testimonies are wonderful: therefore doth my soul keep them.
Psalms 119:139	My zeal hath consumed me, because mine enemies have forgotten thy words.
Psalms 119:149	Hear my voice according unto thy lovingkindness: O LORD, quicken me according to thy judgment.
Psalms 119:159	Consider how I love thy precepts: quicken me, O LORD, according to thy lovingkindness.
Psalms 119:169	Let my cry come near before thee, O LORD: give me understanding according to thy word.
Psalms 120:3	What shall be given unto thee? or what shall be done unto thee, thou false tongue?
Psalms 121:6	The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night.
Psalms 122:8	For my brethren and companions' sakes, I will now say, Peace be within thee.
Psalms 124:5	Then the proud waters had gone over our soul.
Psalms 126:2	Then was our mouth filled with laughter, and our tongue with singing: then said they among the heathen, The LORD hath done great things for them.
Psalms 128:1	Blessed is every one that feareth the LORD; that walketh in his ways.
Psalms 129:5	Let them all be confounded and turned back that hate Zion.
Psalms 130:7	Let Israel hope in the LORD: for with the LORD there is mercy, and with him is plenteous redemption.
Psalms 132:6	Lo, we heard of it at Ephratah: we found it in the fields of the wood.
Psalms 132:16	I will also clothe her priests with salvation: and her saints shall shout aloud for joy.
Psalms 135:2	Ye that stand in the house of the LORD, in the courts of the house of our God.
Psalms 135:12	And gave their land for an heritage, an heritage unto Israel his people.
Psalms 136:1	O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 136:11	And brought out Israel from among them: for his mercy endureth for ever:
Psalms 136:21	And gave their land for an heritage: for his mercy endureth for ever:
Psalms 137:5	If I forget thee, O Jerusalem, let my right hand forget her cunning.
Psalms 138:6	Though the LORD be high, yet hath he respect unto the lowly: but the proud he knoweth afar off.
Psalms 139:8	If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there: if I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there.
Psalms 139:18	If I should count them, they are more in number than the sand: when I awake, I am still with thee.
Psalms 140:4	Keep me, O LORD, from the hands of the wicked; preserve me from the violent man; who have purposed to overthrow my goings.
Psalms 141:1	Lord, I cry unto thee: make haste unto me; give ear unto my voice, when I cry unto thee.
Psalms 142:1	I cried unto the LORD with my voice; with my voice unto the LORD did I make my supplication.
Psalms 143:4	Therefore is my spirit overwhelmed within me; my heart within me is desolate.
Psalms 144:2	My goodness, and my fortress; my high tower, and my deliverer; my shield, and he in whom I trust; who subdueth my people under me.
Psalms 144:12	That our sons may be as plants grown up in their youth; that our daughters may be as corner stones, polished after the similitude of a palace:
Psalms 145:7	They shall abundantly utter the memory of thy great goodness, and shall sing of thy righteousness.
Psalms 145:17	The LORD is righteous in all his ways, and holy in all his works.
Psalms 146:6	Which made heaven, and earth, the sea, and all that therein is: which keepeth truth for ever:
Psalms 147:6	The LORD lifteth up the meek: he casteth the wicked down to the ground.
Psalms 147:16	He giveth snow like wool: he scattereth the hoarfrost like ashes.
Psalms 148:6	He hath also stablished them for ever and ever: he hath made a decree which shall not pass.
Psalms 149:2	Let Israel rejoice in him that made him: let the children of Zion be joyful in their King.
Psalms 150:3	Praise him with the sound of the trumpet: praise him with the psaltery and harp.
Proverbs 1:7	The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instruction.
Proverbs 1:17	Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird.
Proverbs 1:27	When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you.
Proverbs 2:4	If thou seekest her as silver, and searchest for her as for hid treasures;
Proverbs 2:14	Who rejoice to do evil, and delight in the frowardness of the wicked;
Proverbs 3:2	For length of days, and long life, and peace, shall they add to thee.
Proverbs 3:12	For whom the LORD loveth he correcteth; even as a father the son in whom he delighteth.
Proverbs 3:22	So shall they be life unto thy soul, and grace to thy neck.
Proverbs 3:32	For the froward is abomination to the LORD: but his secret is with the righteous.
Proverbs 4:7	Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore get wisdom: and with all thy getting get understanding.
Proverbs 4:17	For they eat the bread of wickedness, and drink the wine of violence.
Proverbs 4:27	Turn not to the right hand nor to the left: remove thy foot from evil.
Proverbs 5:10	Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth; and thy labours be in the house of a stranger;
Proverbs 5:20	And why wilt thou, my son, be ravished with a strange woman, and embrace the bosom of a stranger?
Proverbs 6:7	Which having no guide, overseer, or ruler,
Proverbs 6:17	A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood,
Proverbs 6:27	Can a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned?
Proverbs 7:2	Keep my commandments, and live; and my law as the apple of thine eye.
Proverbs 7:12	Now is she without, now in the streets, and lieth in wait at every corner.)
Proverbs 7:22	He goeth after her straightway, as an ox goeth to the slaughter, or as a fool to the correction of the stocks;
Proverbs 8:5	O ye simple, understand wisdom: and, ye fools, be ye of an understanding heart.
Proverbs 8:15	By me kings reign, and princes decree justice.
Proverbs 8:25	Before the mountains were settled, before the hills was I brought forth:
Proverbs 8:35	For whoso findeth me findeth life, and shall obtain favour of the LORD.
Proverbs 9:9	Give instruction to a wise man, and he will be yet wiser: teach a just man, and he will increase in learning.
Proverbs 10:1	The proverbs of Solomon. A wise son maketh a glad father: but a foolish son is the heaviness of his mother.
Proverbs 10:11	The mouth of a righteous man is a well of life: but violence covereth the mouth of the wicked.
Proverbs 10:21	The lips of the righteous feed many: but fools die for want of wisdom.
Proverbs 10:31	The mouth of the just bringeth forth wisdom: but the froward tongue shall be cut out.
Proverbs 11:9	An hypocrite with his mouth destroyeth his neighbour: but through knowledge shall the just be delivered.
Proverbs 11:19	As righteousness tendeth to life: so he that pursueth evil pursueth it to his own death.
Proverbs 11:29	He that troubleth his own house shall inherit the wind: and the fool shall be servant to the wise of heart.
Proverbs 12:8	A man shall be commended according to his wisdom: but he that is of a perverse heart shall be despised.
Proverbs 12:18	There is that speaketh like the piercings of a sword: but the tongue of the wise is health.
Proverbs 12:28	In the way of righteousness is life: and in the pathway thereof there is no death.
Proverbs 13:10	Only by pride cometh contention: but with the well advised is wisdom.
Proverbs 13:20	He that walketh with wise men shall be wise: but a companion of fools shall be destroyed.
Proverbs 14:5	A faithful witness will not lie: but a false witness will utter lies.
Proverbs 14:15	The simple believeth every word: but the prudent man looketh well to his going.
Proverbs 14:25	A true witness delivereth souls: but a deceitful witness speaketh lies.
Proverbs 14:35	The king's favour is toward a wise servant: but his wrath is against him that causeth shame.
Proverbs 15:10	Correction is grievous unto him that forsaketh the way: and he that hateth reproof shall die.
Proverbs 15:20	A wise son maketh a glad father: but a foolish man despiseth his mother.
Proverbs 15:30	The light of the eyes rejoiceth the heart: and a good report maketh the bones fat.
Proverbs 16:7	When a man's ways please the LORD, he maketh even his enemies to be at peace with him.
Proverbs 16:17	The highway of the upright is to depart from evil: he that keepeth his way preserveth his soul.
Proverbs 16:27	An ungodly man diggeth up evil: and in his lips there is as a burning fire.
Proverbs 17:4	A wicked doer giveth heed to false lips; and a liar giveth ear to a naughty tongue.
Proverbs 17:14	The beginning of strife is as when one letteth out water: therefore leave off contention, before it be meddled with.
Proverbs 17:24	Wisdom is before him that hath understanding; but the eyes of a fool are in the ends of the earth.
Proverbs 18:6	A fool's lips enter into contention, and his mouth calleth for strokes.
Proverbs 18:16	A man's gift maketh room for him, and bringeth him before great men.
Proverbs 19:2	Also, that the soul be without knowledge, it is not good; and he that hasteth with his feet sinneth.
Proverbs 19:12	The king's wrath is as the roaring of a lion; but his favour is as dew upon the grass.
Proverbs 19:22	The desire of a man is his kindness: and a poor man is better than a liar.
Proverbs 20:3	It is an honour for a man to cease from strife: but every fool will be meddling.
Proverbs 20:13	Love not sleep, lest thou come to poverty; open thine eyes, and thou shalt be satisfied with bread.
Proverbs 20:23	Divers weights are an abomination unto the LORD; and a false balance is not good.
Proverbs 21:3	To do justice and judgment is more acceptable to the LORD than sacrifice.
Proverbs 21:13	Whoso stoppeth his ears at the cry of the poor, he also shall cry himself, but shall not be heard.
Proverbs 21:23	Whoso keepeth his mouth and his tongue keepeth his soul from troubles.
Proverbs 22:2	The rich and poor meet together: the LORD is the maker of them all.
Proverbs 22:12	The eyes of the LORD preserve knowledge, and he overthroweth the words of the transgressor.
Proverbs 22:22	Rob not the poor, because he is poor: neither oppress the afflicted in the gate:
Proverbs 23:3	Be not desirous of his dainties: for they are deceitful meat.
Proverbs 23:13	Withhold not correction from the child: for if thou beatest him with the rod, he shall not die.
Proverbs 23:23	Buy the truth, and sell it not; also wisdom, and instruction, and understanding.
Proverbs 23:33	Thine eyes shall behold strange women, and thine heart shall utter perverse things.
Proverbs 24:8	He that deviseth to do evil shall be called a mischievous person.
Proverbs 24:18	Lest the LORD see it, and it displease him, and he turn away his wrath from him.
Proverbs 24:28	Be not a witness against thy neighbour without cause; and deceive not with thy lips.
Proverbs 25:4	Take away the dross from the silver, and there shall come forth a vessel for the finer.
Proverbs 25:14	Whoso boasteth himself of a false gift is like clouds and wind without rain.
Proverbs 25:24	It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman and in a wide house.
Proverbs 26:6	He that sendeth a message by the hand of a fool cutteth off the feet, and drinketh damage.
Proverbs 26:16	The sluggard is wiser in his own conceit than seven men that can render a reason.
Proverbs 26:26	Whose hatred is covered by deceit, his wickedness shall be shewed before the whole congregation.
Proverbs 27:8	As a bird that wandereth from her nest, so is a man that wandereth from his place.
Proverbs 27:18	Whoso keepeth the fig tree shall eat the fruit thereof: so he that waiteth on his master shall be honoured.
Proverbs 28:1	The wicked flee when no man pursueth: but the righteous are bold as a lion.
Proverbs 28:11	The rich man is wise in his own conceit; but the poor that hath understanding searcheth him out.
Proverbs 28:21	To have respect of persons is not good: for for a piece of bread that man will transgress.
Proverbs 29:3	Whoso loveth wisdom rejoiceth his father: but he that keepeth company with harlots spendeth his substance.
Proverbs 29:13	The poor and the deceitful man meet together: the LORD lighteneth both their eyes.
Proverbs 29:23	A man's pride shall bring him low: but honour shall uphold the humble in spirit.
Proverbs 30:6	Add thou not unto his words, lest he reprove thee, and thou be found a liar.
Proverbs 30:16	The grave; and the barren womb; the earth that is not filled with water; and the fire that saith not, It is enough.
Proverbs 30:26	The conies are but a feeble folk, yet make they their houses in the rocks;
Proverbs 31:3	Give not thy strength unto women, nor thy ways to that which destroyeth kings.
Proverbs 31:13	She seeketh wool, and flax, and worketh willingly with her hands.
Proverbs 31:23	Her husband is known in the gates, when he sitteth among the elders of the land.
Ecclesiastes 1:2	Vanity of vanities, saith the Preacher, vanity of vanities; all is vanity.
Ecclesiastes 1:12	I the Preacher was king over Israel in Jerusalem.
Ecclesiastes 2:4	I made me great works; I builded me houses; I planted me vineyards:
Ecclesiastes 2:14	The wise man's eyes are in his head; but the fool walketh in darkness: and I myself perceived also that one event happeneth to them all.
Ecclesiastes 2:24	There is nothing better for a man, than that he should eat and drink, and that he should make his soul enjoy good in his labour. This also I saw, that it was from the hand of God.
Ecclesiastes 3:8	A time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace.
Ecclesiastes 3:18	I said in mine heart concerning the estate of the sons of men, that God might manifest them, and that they might see that they themselves are beasts.
Ecclesiastes 4:6	Better is an handful with quietness, than both the hands full with travail and vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 4:16	There is no end of all the people, even of all that have been before them: they also that come after shall not rejoice in him. Surely this also is vanity and vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 5:10	He that loveth silver shall not be satisfied with silver; nor he that loveth abundance with increase: this is also vanity.
Ecclesiastes 5:20	For he shall not much remember the days of his life; because God answereth him in the joy of his heart.
Ecclesiastes 6:10	That which hath been is named already, and it is known that it is man: neither may he contend with him that is mightier than he.
Ecclesiastes 7:8	Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof: and the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit.
Ecclesiastes 7:18	It is good that thou shouldest take hold of this; yea, also from this withdraw not thine hand: for he that feareth God shall come forth of them all.
Ecclesiastes 7:28	Which yet my soul seeketh, but I find not: one man among a thousand have I found; but a woman among all those have I not found.
Ecclesiastes 8:9	All this have I seen, and applied my heart unto every work that is done under the sun: there is a time wherein one man ruleth over another to his own hurt.
Ecclesiastes 9:2	All things come alike to all: there is one event to the righteous, and to the wicked; to the good and to the clean, and to the unclean; to him that sacrificeth, and to him that sacrificeth not: as is the good, so is the sinner; and he that sweareth, as he that feareth an oath.
Ecclesiastes 9:12	For man also knoweth not his time: as the fishes that are taken in an evil net, and as the birds that are caught in the snare; so are the sons of men snared in an evil time, when it falleth suddenly upon them.
Ecclesiastes 10:4	If the spirit of the ruler rise up against thee, leave not thy place; for yielding pacifieth great offences.
Ecclesiastes 10:14	A fool also is full of words: a man cannot tell what shall be; and what shall be after him, who can tell him?
Ecclesiastes 11:4	He that observeth the wind shall not sow; and he that regardeth the clouds shall not reap.
Ecclesiastes 12:4	And the doors shall be shut in the streets, when the sound of the grinding is low, and he shall rise up at the voice of the bird, and all the daughters of musick shall be brought low;
Ecclesiastes 12:14	For God shall bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be good, or whether it be evil.
Song of Solomon 1:10	Thy cheeks are comely with rows of jewels, thy neck with chains of gold.
Song of Solomon 2:3	As the apple tree among the trees of the wood, so is my beloved among the sons. I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste.
Song of Solomon 2:13	The fig tree putteth forth her green figs, and the vines with the tender grape give a good smell. Arise, my love, my fair one, and come away.
Song of Solomon 3:6	Who is this that cometh out of the wilderness like pillars of smoke, perfumed with myrrh and frankincense, with all powders of the merchant?
Song of Solomon 4:5	Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins, which feed among the lilies.
Song of Solomon 4:15	A fountain of gardens, a well of living waters, and streams from Lebanon.
Song of Solomon 5:9	What is thy beloved more than another beloved, O thou fairest among women? what is thy beloved more than another beloved, that thou dost so charge us?
Song of Solomon 6:3	I am my beloved's, and my beloved is mine: he feedeth among the lilies.
Song of Solomon 6:13	Return, return, O Shulamite; return, return, that we may look upon thee. What will ye see in the Shulamite? As it were the company of two armies.
Song of Solomon 7:10	I am my beloved's, and his desire is toward me.
Song of Solomon 8:7	Many waters cannot quench love, neither can the floods drown it: if a man would give all the substance of his house for love, it would utterly be contemned.
Isaiah 1:3	The ox knoweth his owner, and the ass his master's crib: but Israel doth not know, my people doth not consider.
Isaiah 1:13	Bring no more vain oblations; incense is an abomination unto me; the new moons and sabbaths, the calling of assemblies, I cannot away with; it is iniquity, even the solemn meeting.
Isaiah 1:23	Thy princes are rebellious, and companions of thieves: every one loveth gifts, and followeth after rewards: they judge not the fatherless, neither doth the cause of the widow come unto them.
Isaiah 2:2	And it shall come to pass in the last days, that the mountain of the LORD's house shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; and all nations shall flow unto it.
Isaiah 2:12	For the day of the LORD of hosts shall be upon every one that is proud and lofty, and upon every one that is lifted up; and he shall be brought low:
Isaiah 2:22	Cease ye from man, whose breath is in his nostrils: for wherein is he to be accounted of ?
Isaiah 3:10	Say ye to the righteous, that it shall be well with him: for they shall eat the fruit of their doings.
Isaiah 3:20	The bonnets, and the ornaments of the legs, and the headbands, and the tablets, and the earrings,
Isaiah 4:4	When the Lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion, and shall have purged the blood of Jerusalem from the midst thereof by the spirit of judgment, and by the spirit of burning.
Isaiah 5:8	Woe unto them that join house to house, that lay field to field, till there be no place, that they may be placed alone in the midst of the earth!
Isaiah 5:18	Woe unto them that draw iniquity with cords of vanity, and sin as it were with a cart rope:
Isaiah 5:28	Whose arrows are sharp, and all their bows bent, their horses' hoofs shall be counted like flint, and their wheels like a whirlwind:
Isaiah 6:8	Also I heard the voice of the Lord, saying, Whom shall I send, and who will go for us? Then said I, Here am I; send me.
Isaiah 7:5	Because Syria, Ephraim, and the son of Remaliah, have taken evil counsel against thee, saying,
Isaiah 7:15	Butter and honey shall he eat, that he may know to refuse the evil, and choose the good.
Isaiah 7:25	And on all hills that shall be digged with the mattock, there shall not come thither the fear of briers and thorns: but it shall be for the sending forth of oxen, and for the treading of lesser cattle.
Isaiah 8:10	Take counsel together, and it shall come to nought; speak the word, and it shall not stand: for God is with us.
Isaiah 8:20	To the law and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them.
Isaiah 9:8	The Lord sent a word into Jacob, and it hath lighted upon Israel.
Isaiah 9:18	For wickedness burneth as the fire: it shall devour the briers and thorns, and shall kindle in the thickets of the forest, and they shall mount up like the lifting up of smoke.
Isaiah 10:7	Howbeit he meaneth not so, neither doth his heart think so; but it is in his heart to destroy and cut off nations not a few.
Isaiah 10:17	And the light of Israel shall be for a fire, and his Holy One for a flame: and it shall burn and devour his thorns and his briers in one day;
Isaiah 10:27	And it shall come to pass in that day, that his burden shall be taken away from off thy shoulder, and his yoke from off thy neck, and the yoke shall be destroyed because of the anointing.
Isaiah 11:3	And shall make him of quick understanding in the fear of the LORD: and he shall not judge after the sight of his eyes, neither reprove after the hearing of his ears:
Isaiah 11:13	The envy also of Ephraim shall depart, and the adversaries of Judah shall be cut off: Ephraim shall not envy Judah, and Judah shall not vex Ephraim.
Isaiah 13:1	The burden of Babylon, which Isaiah the son of Amoz did see.
Isaiah 13:11	And I will punish the world for their evil, and the wicked for their iniquity; and I will cause the arrogancy of the proud to cease, and will lay low the haughtiness of the terrible.
Isaiah 13:21	But wild beasts of the desert shall lie there; and their houses shall be full of doleful creatures; and owls shall dwell there, and satyrs shall dance there.
Isaiah 14:9	Hell from beneath is moved for thee to meet thee at thy coming: it stirreth up the dead for thee, even all the chief ones of the earth; it hath raised up from their thrones all the kings of the nations.
Isaiah 14:19	But thou art cast out of thy grave like an abominable branch, and as the raiment of those that are slain, thrust through with a sword, that go down to the stones of the pit; as a carcase trodden under feet.
Isaiah 14:29	Rejoice not thou, whole Palestina, because the rod of him that smote thee is broken: for out of the serpent's root shall come forth a cockatrice, and his fruit shall be a fiery flying serpent.
Isaiah 15:7	Therefore the abundance they have gotten, and that which they have laid up, shall they carry away to the brook of the willows.
Isaiah 16:8	For the fields of Heshbon languish, and the vine of Sibmah: the lords of the heathen have broken down the principal plants thereof, they are come even unto Jazer, they wandered through the wilderness: her branches are stretched out, they are gone over the sea.
Isaiah 17:4	And in that day it shall come to pass, that the glory of Jacob shall be made thin, and the fatness of his flesh shall wax lean.
Isaiah 17:14	And behold at eveningtide trouble; and before the morning he is not. This is the portion of them that spoil us, and the lot of them that rob us.
Isaiah 19:3	And the spirit of Egypt shall fail in the midst thereof; and I will destroy the counsel thereof: and they shall seek to the idols, and to the charmers, and to them that have familiar spirits, and to the wizards.
Isaiah 19:13	The princes of Zoan are become fools, the princes of Noph are deceived; they have also seduced Egypt, even they that are the stay of the tribes thereof.
Isaiah 19:23	In that day shall there be a highway out of Egypt to Assyria, and the Assyrian shall come into Egypt, and the Egyptian into Assyria, and the Egyptians shall serve with the Assyrians.
Isaiah 21:2	A grievous vision is declared unto me; the treacherous dealer dealeth treacherously, and the spoiler spoileth. Go up, O Elam: besiege, O Media; all the sighing thereof have I made to cease.
Isaiah 21:12	The watchman said, The morning cometh, and also the night: if ye will enquire, enquire ye: return, come.
Isaiah 22:5	For it is a day of trouble, and of treading down, and of perplexity by the Lord GOD of hosts in the valley of vision, breaking down the walls, and of crying to the mountains.
Isaiah 22:15	Thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts, Go, get thee unto this treasurer, even unto Shebna, which is over the house, and say,
Isaiah 22:25	In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, shall the nail that is fastened in the sure place be removed, and be cut down, and fall; and the burden that was upon it shall be cut off: for the LORD hath spoken it.
Isaiah 23:10	Pass through thy land as a river, O daughter of Tarshish: there is no more strength.
Isaiah 24:2	And it shall be, as with the people, so with the priest; as with the servant, so with his master; as with the maid, so with her mistress; as with the buyer, so with the seller; as with the lender, so with the borrower; as with the taker of usury, so with the giver of usury to him.
Isaiah 24:12	In the city is left desolation, and the gate is smitten with destruction.
Isaiah 24:22	And they shall be gathered together, as prisoners are gathered in the pit, and shall be shut up in the prison, and after many days shall they be visited.
Isaiah 25:9	And it shall be said in that day, Lo, this is our God; we have waited for him, and he will save us: this is the LORD; we have waited for him, we will be glad and rejoice in his salvation.
Isaiah 26:7	The way of the just is uprightness: thou, most upright, dost weigh the path of the just.
Isaiah 26:17	Like as a woman with child, that draweth near the time of her delivery, is in pain, and crieth out in her pangs; so have we been in thy sight, O LORD.
Isaiah 27:6	He shall cause them that come of Jacob to take root: Israel shall blossom and bud, and fill the face of the world with fruit.
Isaiah 28:3	The crown of pride, the drunkards of Ephraim, shall be trodden under feet:
Isaiah 28:13	But the word of the LORD was unto them precept upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little; that they might go, and fall backward, and be broken, and snared, and taken.
Isaiah 28:23	Give ye ear, and hear my voice; hearken, and hear my speech.
Isaiah 29:4	And thou shalt be brought down, and shalt speak out of the ground, and thy speech shall be low out of the dust, and thy voice shall be, as of one that hath a familiar spirit, out of the ground, and thy speech shall whisper out of the dust.
Isaiah 29:14	Therefore, behold, I will proceed to do a marvellous work among this people, even a marvellous work and a wonder: for the wisdom of their wise men shall perish, and the understanding of their prudent men shall be hid.
Isaiah 29:24	They also that erred in spirit shall come to understanding, and they that murmured shall learn doctrine.
Isaiah 30:10	Which say to the seers, See not; and to the prophets, Prophesy not unto us right things, speak unto us smooth things, prophesy deceits:
Isaiah 30:20	And though the Lord give you the bread of adversity, and the water of affliction, yet shall not thy teachers be removed into a corner any more, but thine eyes shall see thy teachers:
Isaiah 30:30	And the LORD shall cause his glorious voice to be heard, and shall shew the lighting down of his arm, with the indignation of his anger, and with the flame of a devouring fire, with scattering, and tempest, and hailstones.
Isaiah 31:7	For in that day every man shall cast away his idols of silver, and his idols of gold, which your own hands have made unto you for a sin.
Isaiah 32:8	But the liberal deviseth liberal things; and by liberal things shall he stand.
Isaiah 32:18	And my people shall dwell in a peaceable habitation, and in sure dwellings, and in quiet resting places;
Isaiah 33:8	The highways lie waste, the wayfaring man ceaseth: he hath broken the covenant, he hath despised the cities, he regardeth no man.
Isaiah 33:18	Thine heart shall meditate terror. Where is the scribe? where is the receiver? where is he that counted the towers?
Isaiah 34:4	And all the host of heaven shall be dissolved, and the heavens shall be rolled together as a scroll: and all their host shall fall down, as the leaf falleth off from the vine, and as a falling fig from the fig tree.
Isaiah 34:14	The wild beasts of the desert shall also meet with the wild beasts of the island, and the satyr shall cry to his fellow; the screech owl also shall rest there, and find for herself a place of rest.
Isaiah 35:7	And the parched ground shall become a pool, and the thirsty land springs of water: in the habitation of dragons, where each lay, shall be grass with reeds and rushes.
Isaiah 36:7	But if thou say to me, We trust in the LORD our God: is it not he, whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken away, and said to Judah and to Jerusalem, Ye shall worship before this altar?
Isaiah 36:17	Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of corn and wine, a land of bread and vineyards.
Isaiah 37:5	So the servants of king Hezekiah came to Isaiah.
Isaiah 37:15	And Hezekiah prayed unto the LORD, saying,
Isaiah 37:25	I have digged, and drunk water; and with the sole of my feet have I dried up all the rivers of the besieged places.
Isaiah 37:35	For I will defend this city to save it for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.
Isaiah 38:7	And this shall be a sign unto thee from the LORD, that the LORD will do this thing that he hath spoken;
Isaiah 38:17	Behold, for peace I had great bitterness: but thou hast in love to my soul delivered it from the pit of corruption: for thou hast cast all my sins behind thy back.
Isaiah 39:5	Then said Isaiah to Hezekiah, Hear the word of the LORD of hosts:
Isaiah 40:7	The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: because the spirit of the LORD bloweth upon it: surely the people is grass.
Isaiah 40:17	All nations before him are as nothing; and they are counted to him less than nothing, and vanity.
Isaiah 40:27	Why sayest thou, O Jacob, and speakest, O Israel, My way is hid from the LORD, and my judgment is passed over from my God?
Isaiah 41:6	They helped every one his neighbour; and every one said to his brother, Be of good courage.
Isaiah 41:16	Thou shalt fan them, and the wind shall carry them away, and the whirlwind shall scatter them: and thou shalt rejoice in the LORD, and shalt glory in the Holy One of Israel.
Isaiah 41:26	Who hath declared from the beginning, that we may know? and beforetime, that we may say, He is righteous? yea, there is none that sheweth, yea, there is none that declareth, yea, there is none that heareth your words.
Isaiah 42:7	To open the blind eyes, to bring out the prisoners from the prison, and them that sit in darkness out of the prison house.
Isaiah 42:17	They shall be turned back, they shall be greatly ashamed, that trust in graven images, that say to the molten images, Ye are our gods.
Isaiah 43:2	When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee; and through the rivers, they shall not overflow thee: when thou walkest through the fire, thou shalt not be burned; neither shall the flame kindle upon thee.
Isaiah 43:12	I have declared, and have saved, and I have shewed, when there was no strange god among you: therefore ye are my witnesses, saith the LORD, that I am God.
Isaiah 43:22	But thou hast not called upon me, O Jacob; but thou hast been weary of me, O Israel.
Isaiah 44:4	And they shall spring up as among the grass, as willows by the water courses.
Isaiah 44:14	He heweth him down cedars, and taketh the cypress and the oak, which he strengtheneth for himself among the trees of the forest: he planteth an ash, and the rain doth nourish it.
Isaiah 44:24	Thus saith the LORD, thy redeemer, and he that formed thee from the womb, I am the LORD that maketh all things; that stretcheth forth the heavens alone; that spreadeth abroad the earth by myself;
Isaiah 45:6	That they may know from the rising of the sun, and from the west, that there is none beside me. I am the LORD, and there is none else.
Isaiah 45:16	They shall be ashamed, and also confounded, all of them: they shall go to confusion together that are makers of idols.
Isaiah 46:1	Bel boweth down, Nebo stoopeth, their idols were upon the beasts, and upon the cattle: your carriages were heavy loaden; they are a burden to the weary beast.
Isaiah 46:11	Calling a ravenous bird from the east, the man that executeth my counsel from a far country: yea, I have spoken it, I will also bring it to pass; I have purposed it, I will also do it.
Isaiah 47:8	Therefore hear now this, thou that art given to pleasures, that dwellest carelessly, that sayest in thine heart, I am, and none else beside me; I shall not sit as a widow, neither shall I know the loss of children:
Isaiah 48:3	I have declared the former things from the beginning; and they went forth out of my mouth, and I shewed them; I did them suddenly, and they came to pass.
Isaiah 48:13	Mine hand also hath laid the foundation of the earth, and my right hand hath spanned the heavens: when I call unto them, they stand up together.
Isaiah 49:1	Listen, O isles, unto me; and hearken, ye people, from far; The LORD hath called me from the womb; from the bowels of my mother hath he made mention of my name.
Isaiah 49:11	And I will make all my mountains a way, and my highways shall be exalted.
Isaiah 49:21	Then shalt thou say in thine heart, Who hath begotten me these, seeing I have lost my children, and am desolate, a captive, and removing to and fro? and who hath brought up these? Behold, I was left alone; these, where had they been?
Isaiah 50:5	The Lord GOD hath opened mine ear, and I was not rebellious, neither turned away back.
Isaiah 51:4	Hearken unto me, my people; and give ear unto me, O my nation: for a law shall proceed from me, and I will make my judgment to rest for a light of the people.
Isaiah 51:14	The captive exile hasteneth that he may be loosed, and that he should not die in the pit, nor that his bread should fail.
Isaiah 52:1	Awake, awake; put on thy strength, O Zion; put on thy beautiful garments, O Jerusalem, the holy city: for henceforth there shall no more come into thee the uncircumcised and the unclean.
Isaiah 52:11	Depart ye, depart ye, go ye out from thence, touch no unclean thing; go ye out of the midst of her; be ye clean, that bear the vessels of the LORD.
Isaiah 53:6	All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.
Isaiah 54:4	Fear not; for thou shalt not be ashamed: neither be thou confounded; for thou shalt not be put to shame: for thou shalt forget the shame of thy youth, and shalt not remember the reproach of thy widowhood any more.
Isaiah 54:14	In righteousness shalt thou be established: thou shalt be far from oppression; for thou shalt not fear: and from terror; for it shall not come near thee.
Isaiah 55:7	Let the wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let him return unto the LORD, and he will have mercy upon him; and to our God, for he will abundantly pardon.
Isaiah 56:4	For thus saith the LORD unto the eunuchs that keep my sabbaths, and choose the things that please me, and take hold of my covenant;
Isaiah 57:2	He shall enter into peace: they shall rest in their beds, each one walking in his uprightness.
Isaiah 57:12	I will declare thy righteousness, and thy works; for they shall not profit thee.
Isaiah 58:1	Cry aloud, spare not, lift up thy voice like a trumpet, and shew my people their transgression, and the house of Jacob their sins.
Isaiah 58:11	And the LORD shall guide thee continually, and satisfy thy soul in drought, and make fat thy bones: and thou shalt be like a watered garden, and like a spring of water, whose waters fail not.
Isaiah 59:7	Their feet run to evil, and they make haste to shed innocent blood: their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity; wasting and destruction are in their paths.
Isaiah 59:17	For he put on righteousness as a breastplate, and an helmet of salvation upon his head; and he put on the garments of vengeance for clothing, and was clad with zeal as a cloak.
Isaiah 60:6	The multitude of camels shall cover thee, the dromedaries of Midian and Ephah; all they from Sheba shall come: they shall bring gold and incense; and they shall shew forth the praises of the LORD.
Isaiah 60:16	Thou shalt also suck the milk of the Gentiles, and shalt suck the breast of kings: and thou shalt know that I the LORD am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer, the mighty One of Jacob.
Isaiah 61:4	And they shall build the old wastes, they shall raise up the former desolations, and they shall repair the waste cities, the desolations of many generations.
Isaiah 62:3	Thou shalt also be a crown of glory in the hand of the LORD, and a royal diadem in the hand of thy God.
Isaiah 63:1	Who is this that cometh from Edom, with dyed garments from Bozrah? this that is glorious in his apparel, travelling in the greatness of his strength? I that speak in righteousness, mighty to save.
Isaiah 63:11	Then he remembered the days of old, Moses, and his people, saying, Where is he that brought them up out of the sea with the shepherd of his flock? where is he that put his holy Spirit within him?
Isaiah 64:2	As when the melting fire burneth, the fire causeth the waters to boil, to make thy name known to thine adversaries, that the nations may tremble at thy presence!
Isaiah 64:12	Wilt thou refrain thyself for these things, O LORD? wilt thou hold thy peace, and afflict us very sore?
Isaiah 65:10	And Sharon shall be a fold of flocks, and the valley of Achor a place for the herds to lie down in, for my people that have sought me.
Isaiah 65:20	There shall be no more thence an infant of days, nor an old man that hath not filled his days: for the child shall die an hundred years old; but the sinner being an hundred years old shall be accursed.
Isaiah 66:5	Hear the word of the LORD, ye that tremble at his word; Your brethren that hated you, that cast you out for my name's sake, said, Let the LORD be glorified: but he shall appear to your joy, and they shall be ashamed.
Isaiah 66:15	For, behold, the LORD will come with fire, and with his chariots like a whirlwind, to render his anger with fury, and his rebuke with flames of fire.
Jeremiah 1:1	The words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, of the priests that were in Anathoth in the land of Benjamin:
Jeremiah 1:11	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, Jeremiah, what seest thou? And I said, I see a rod of an almond tree.
Jeremiah 2:2	Go and cry in the ears of Jerusalem, saying, Thus saith the LORD; I remember thee, the kindness of thy youth, the love of thine espousals, when thou wentest after me in the wilderness, in a land that was not sown.
Jeremiah 2:12	Be astonished, O ye heavens, at this, and be horribly afraid, be ye very desolate, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 2:22	For though thou wash thee with nitre, and take thee much soap, yet thine iniquity is marked before me, saith the Lord GOD.
Jeremiah 2:32	Can a maid forget her ornaments, or a bride her attire? yet my people have forgotten me days without number.
Jeremiah 3:5	Will he reserve his anger for ever? will he keep it to the end? Behold, thou hast spoken and done evil things as thou couldest.
Jeremiah 3:15	And I will give you pastors according to mine heart, which shall feed you with knowledge and understanding.
Jeremiah 3:25	We lie down in our shame, and our confusion covereth us: for we have sinned against the LORD our God, we and our fathers, from our youth even unto this day, and have not obeyed the voice of the LORD our God.
Jeremiah 4:10	Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! surely thou hast greatly deceived this people and Jerusalem, saying, Ye shall have peace; whereas the sword reacheth unto the soul.
Jeremiah 4:20	Destruction upon destruction is cried; for the whole land is spoiled: suddenly are my tents spoiled, and my curtains in a moment.
Jeremiah 4:30	And when thou art spoiled, what wilt thou do? Though thou clothest thyself with crimson, though thou deckest thee with ornaments of gold, though thou rentest thy face with painting, in vain shalt thou make thyself fair; thy lovers will despise thee, they will seek thy life.
Jeremiah 5:9	Shall I not visit for these things? saith the LORD: and shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?
Jeremiah 5:19	And it shall come to pass, when ye shall say, Wherefore doeth the LORD our God all these things unto us? then shalt thou answer them, Like as ye have forsaken me, and served strange gods in your land, so shall ye serve strangers in a land that is not your's.
Jeremiah 5:29	Shall I not visit for these things? saith the LORD: shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?
Jeremiah 6:8	Be thou instructed, O Jerusalem, lest my soul depart from thee; lest I make thee desolate, a land not inhabited.
Jeremiah 6:18	Therefore hear, ye nations, and know, O congregation, what is among them.
Jeremiah 6:28	They are all grievous revolters, walking with slanders: they are brass and iron; they are all corrupters.
Jeremiah 7:8	Behold, ye trust in lying words, that cannot profit.
Jeremiah 7:18	The children gather wood, and the fathers kindle the fire, and the women knead their dough, to make cakes to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto other gods, that they may provoke me to anger.
Jeremiah 7:28	But thou shalt say unto them, This is a nation that obeyeth not the voice of the LORD their God, nor receiveth correction: truth is perished, and is cut off from their mouth.
Jeremiah 8:4	Moreover thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD; Shall they fall, and not arise? shall he turn away, and not return?
Jeremiah 8:14	Why do we sit still? assemble yourselves, and let us enter into the defenced cities, and let us be silent there: for the LORD our God hath put us to silence, and given us water of gall to drink, because we have sinned against the LORD.
Jeremiah 9:2	Oh that I had in the wilderness a lodging place of wayfaring men; that I might leave my people, and go from them! for they be all adulterers, an assembly of treacherous men.
Jeremiah 9:12	Who is the wise man, that may understand this? and who is he to whom the mouth of the LORD hath spoken, that he may declare it, for what the land perisheth and is burned up like a wilderness, that none passeth through?
Jeremiah 9:22	Speak, Thus saith the LORD, Even the carcases of men shall fall as dung upon the open field, and as the handful after the harvestman, and none shall gather them.
Jeremiah 10:6	Forasmuch as there is none like unto thee, O LORD; thou art great, and thy name is great in might.
Jeremiah 10:16	The portion of Jacob is not like them: for he is the former of all things; and Israel is the rod of his inheritance: The LORD of hosts is his name.
Jeremiah 11:1	The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD saying,
Jeremiah 11:11	Therefore thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon them, which they shall not be able to escape; and though they shall cry unto me, I will not hearken unto them.
Jeremiah 11:21	Therefore thus saith the LORD of the men of Anathoth, that seek thy life, saying, Prophesy not in the name of the LORD, that thou die not by our hand:
Jeremiah 12:8	Mine heritage is unto me as a lion in the forest; it crieth out against me: therefore have I hated it.
Jeremiah 13:1	Thus saith the LORD unto me, Go and get thee a linen girdle, and put it upon thy loins, and put it not in water.
Jeremiah 13:11	For as the girdle cleaveth to the loins of a man, so have I caused to cleave unto me the whole house of Israel and the whole house of Judah, saith the LORD; that they might be unto me for a people, and for a name, and for a praise, and for a glory: but they would not hear.
Jeremiah 13:21	What wilt thou say when he shall punish thee? for thou hast taught them to be captains, and as chief over thee: shall not sorrows take thee, as a woman in travail?
Jeremiah 14:4	Because the ground is chapt, for there was no rain in the earth, the plowmen were ashamed, they covered their heads.
Jeremiah 14:14	Then the LORD said unto me, The prophets prophesy lies in my name: I sent them not, neither have I commanded them, neither spake unto them: they prophesy unto you a false vision and divination, and a thing of nought, and the deceit of their heart.
Jeremiah 15:2	And it shall come to pass, if they say unto thee, Whither shall we go forth? then thou shalt tell them, Thus saith the LORD; Such as are for death, to death; and such as are for the sword, to the sword; and such as are for the famine, to the famine; and such as are for the captivity, to the captivity.
Jeremiah 15:12	Shall iron break the northern iron and the steel?
Jeremiah 16:1	The word of the LORD came also unto me, saying,
Jeremiah 16:11	Then shalt thou say unto them, Because your fathers have forsaken me, saith the LORD, and have walked after other gods, and have served them, and have worshipped them, and have forsaken me, and have not kept my law;
Jeremiah 16:21	Therefore, behold, I will this once cause them to know, I will cause them to know mine hand and my might; and they shall know that my name is The LORD.
Jeremiah 17:10	I the LORD search the heart, I try the reins, even to give every man according to his ways, and according to the fruit of his doings.
Jeremiah 17:20	And say unto them, Hear ye the word of the LORD, ye kings of Judah, and all Judah, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, that enter in by these gates:
Jeremiah 18:3	Then I went down to the potter's house, and, behold, he wrought a work on the wheels.
Jeremiah 18:13	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Ask ye now among the heathen, who hath heard such things: the virgin of Israel hath done a very horrible thing.
Jeremiah 18:23	Yet, LORD, thou knowest all their counsel against me to slay me: forgive not their iniquity, neither blot out their sin from thy sight, but let them be overthrown before thee; deal thus with them in the time of thine anger.
Jeremiah 19:10	Then shalt thou break the bottle in the sight of the men that go with thee,
Jeremiah 20:5	Moreover I will deliver all the strength of this city, and all the labours thereof, and all the precious things thereof, and all the treasures of the kings of Judah will I give into the hand of their enemies, which shall spoil them, and take them, and carry them to Babylon.
Jeremiah 20:15	Cursed be the man who brought tidings to my father, saying, A man child is born unto thee; making him very glad.
Jeremiah 21:7	And afterward, saith the LORD, I will deliver Zedekiah king of Judah, and his servants, and the people, and such as are left in this city from the pestilence, from the sword, and from the famine, into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of those that seek their life: and he shall smite them with the edge of the sword; he shall not spare them, neither have pity, nor have mercy.
Jeremiah 22:3	Thus saith the LORD; Execute ye judgment and righteousness, and deliver the spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor: and do no wrong, do no violence to the stranger, the fatherless, nor the widow, neither shed innocent blood in this place.
Jeremiah 22:13	Woe unto him that buildeth his house by unrighteousness, and his chambers by wrong; that useth his neighbour's service without wages, and giveth him not for his work;
Jeremiah 22:23	O inhabitant of Lebanon, that makest thy nest in the cedars, how gracious shalt thou be when pangs come upon thee, the pain as of a woman in travail!
Jeremiah 23:3	And I will gather the remnant of my flock out of all countries whither I have driven them, and will bring them again to their folds; and they shall be fruitful and increase.
Jeremiah 23:13	And I have seen folly in the prophets of Samaria; they prophesied in Baal, and caused my people Israel to err.
Jeremiah 23:23	Am I a God at hand, saith the LORD, and not a God afar off?
Jeremiah 23:33	And when this people, or the prophet, or a priest, shall ask thee, saying, What is the burden of the LORD? thou shalt then say unto them, What burden? I will even forsake you, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 24:3	Then said the LORD unto me, What seest thou, Jeremiah? And I said, Figs; the good figs, very good; and the evil, very evil, that cannot be eaten, they are so evil.
Jeremiah 25:3	From the thirteenth year of Josiah the son of Amon king of Judah, even unto this day, that is the three and twentieth year, the word of the LORD hath come unto me, and I have spoken unto you, rising early and speaking; but ye have not hearkened.
Jeremiah 25:13	And I will bring upon that land all my words which I have pronounced against it, even all that is written in this book, which Jeremiah hath prophesied against all the nations.
Jeremiah 25:23	Dedan, and Tema, and Buz, and all that are in the utmost corners,
Jeremiah 25:33	And the slain of the LORD shall be at that day from one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth: they shall not be lamented, neither gathered, nor buried; they shall be dung upon the ground.
Jeremiah 26:5	To hearken to the words of my servants the prophets, whom I sent unto you, both rising up early, and sending them, but ye have not hearkened;
Jeremiah 26:15	But know ye for certain, that if ye put me to death, ye shall surely bring innocent blood upon yourselves, and upon this city, and upon the inhabitants thereof: for of a truth the LORD hath sent me unto you to speak all these words in your ears.
Jeremiah 27:1	In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah came this word unto Jeremiah from the LORD, saying,
Jeremiah 27:11	But the nations that bring their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, and serve him, those will I let remain still in their own land, saith the LORD; and they shall till it, and dwell therein.
Jeremiah 27:21	Yea, thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, concerning the vessels that remain in the house of the LORD, and in the house of the king of Judah and of Jerusalem;
Jeremiah 28:9	The prophet which prophesieth of peace, when the word of the prophet shall come to pass, then shall the prophet be known, that the LORD hath truly sent him.
Jeremiah 29:2	(After that Jeconiah the king, and the queen, and the eunuchs, the princes of Judah and Jerusalem, and the carpenters, and the smiths, were departed from Jerusalem;)
Jeremiah 29:12	Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you.
Jeremiah 29:22	And of them shall be taken up a curse by all the captivity of Judah which are in Babylon, saying, The LORD make thee like Zedekiah and like Ahab, whom the king of Babylon roasted in the fire;
Jeremiah 29:32	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will punish Shemaiah the Nehelamite, and his seed: he shall not have a man to dwell among this people; neither shall he behold the good that I will do for my people, saith the LORD; because he hath taught rebellion against the LORD.
Jeremiah 30:10	Therefore fear thou not, O my servant Jacob, saith the LORD; neither be dismayed, O Israel: for, lo, I will save thee from afar, and thy seed from the land of their captivity; and Jacob shall return, and shall be in rest, and be quiet, and none shall make him afraid.
Jeremiah 30:20	Their children also shall be as aforetime, and their congregation shall be established before me, and I will punish all that oppress them.
Jeremiah 31:6	For there shall be a day, that the watchmen upon the mount Ephraim shall cry, Arise ye, and let us go up to Zion unto the LORD our God.
Jeremiah 31:16	Thus saith the LORD; Refrain thy voice from weeping, and thine eyes from tears: for thy work shall be rewarded, saith the LORD; and they shall come again from the land of the enemy.
Jeremiah 31:26	Upon this I awaked, and beheld; and my sleep was sweet unto me.
Jeremiah 31:36	If those ordinances depart from before me, saith the LORD, then the seed of Israel also shall cease from being a nation before me for ever.
Jeremiah 32:6	And Jeremiah said, The word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Jeremiah 32:16	Now when I had delivered the evidence of the purchase unto Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed unto the LORD, saying,
Jeremiah 32:26	Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 32:36	And now therefore thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, concerning this city, whereof ye say, It shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon by the sword, and by the famine, and by the pestilence;
Jeremiah 33:2	Thus saith the LORD the maker thereof, the LORD that formed it, to establish it; the LORD is his name;
Jeremiah 33:12	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Again in this place, which is desolate without man and without beast, and in all the cities thereof, shall be an habitation of shepherds causing their flocks to lie down.
Jeremiah 33:22	As the host of heaven cannot be numbered, neither the sand of the sea measured: so will I multiply the seed of David my servant, and the Levites that minister unto me.
Jeremiah 34:6	Then Jeremiah the prophet spake all these words unto Zedekiah king of Judah in Jerusalem,
Jeremiah 34:16	But ye turned and polluted my name, and caused every man his servant, and every man his handmaid, whom he had set at liberty at their pleasure, to return, and brought them into subjection, to be unto you for servants and for handmaids.
Jeremiah 35:4	And I brought them into the house of the LORD, into the chamber of the sons of Hanan, the son of Igdaliah, a man of God, which was by the chamber of the princes, which was above the chamber of Maaseiah the son of Shallum, the keeper of the door:
Jeremiah 35:14	The words of Jonadab the son of Rechab, that he commanded his sons not to drink wine, are performed; for unto this day they drink none, but obey their father's commandment: notwithstanding I have spoken unto you, rising early and speaking; but ye hearkened not unto me.
Jeremiah 36:5	And Jeremiah commanded Baruch, saying, I am shut up; I cannot go into the house of the LORD:
Jeremiah 36:15	And they said unto him, Sit down now, and read it in our ears. So Baruch read it in their ears.
Jeremiah 36:25	Nevertheless Elnathan and Delaiah and Gemariah had made intercession to the king that he would not burn the roll: but he would not hear them.
Jeremiah 37:3	And Zedekiah the king sent Jehucal the son of Shelemiah and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest to the prophet Jeremiah, saying, Pray now unto the LORD our God for us.
Jeremiah 37:13	And when he was in the gate of Benjamin, a captain of the ward was there, whose name was Irijah, the son of Shelemiah, the son of Hananiah; and he took Jeremiah the prophet, saying, Thou fallest away to the Chaldeans.
Jeremiah 38:2	Thus saith the LORD, He that remaineth in this city shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence: but he that goeth forth to the Chaldeans shall live; for he shall have his life for a prey, and shall live.
Jeremiah 38:12	And Ebedmelech the Ethiopian said unto Jeremiah, Put now these old cast clouts and rotten rags under thine armholes under the cords. And Jeremiah did so.
Jeremiah 38:22	And, behold, all the women that are left in the king of Judah's house shall be brought forth to the king of Babylon's princes, and those women shall say, Thy friends have set thee on, and have prevailed against thee: thy feet are sunk in the mire, and they are turned away back.
Jeremiah 39:4	And it came to pass, that when Zedekiah the king of Judah saw them, and all the men of war, then they fled, and went forth out of the city by night, by the way of the king's garden, by the gate betwixt the two walls: and he went out the way of the plain.
Jeremiah 39:14	Even they sent, and took Jeremiah out of the court of the prison, and committed him unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, that he should carry him home: so he dwelt among the people.
Jeremiah 40:6	Then went Jeremiah unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam to Mizpah; and dwelt with him among the people that were left in the land.
Jeremiah 40:16	But Gedaliah the son of Ahikam said unto Johanan the son of Kareah, Thou shalt not do this thing: for thou speakest falsely of Ishmael.
Jeremiah 41:10	Then Ishmael carried away captive all the residue of the people that were in Mizpah, even the king's daughters, and all the people that remained in Mizpah, whom Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had committed to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam: and Ishmael the son of Nethaniah carried them away captive, and departed to go over to the Ammonites.
Jeremiah 42:2	And said unto Jeremiah the prophet, Let, we beseech thee, our supplication be accepted before thee, and pray for us unto the LORD thy God, even for all this remnant; (for we are left but a few of many, as thine eyes do behold us:)
Jeremiah 42:12	And I will shew mercies unto you, that he may have mercy upon you, and cause you to return to your own land.
Jeremiah 42:22	Now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn.
Jeremiah 43:10	And say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will send and take Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon, my servant, and will set his throne upon these stones that I have hid; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them.
Jeremiah 44:7	Therefore now thus saith the LORD, the God of hosts, the God of Israel; Wherefore commit ye this great evil against your souls, to cut off from you man and woman, child and suckling, out of Judah, to leave you none to remain;
Jeremiah 44:17	But we will certainly do whatsoever thing goeth forth out of our own mouth, to burn incense unto the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto her, as we have done, we, and our fathers, our kings, and our princes, in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem: for then had we plenty of victuals, and were well, and saw no evil.
Jeremiah 44:27	Behold, I will watch over them for evil, and not for good: and all the men of Judah that are in the land of Egypt shall be consumed by the sword and by the famine, until there be an end of them.
Jeremiah 46:2	Against Egypt, against the army of Pharaohnecho king of Egypt, which was by the river Euphrates in Carchemish, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon smote in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah.
Jeremiah 46:12	The nations have heard of thy shame, and thy cry hath filled the land: for the mighty man hath stumbled against the mighty, and they are fallen both together.
Jeremiah 46:22	The voice thereof shall go like a serpent; for they shall march with an army, and come against her with axes, as hewers of wood.
Jeremiah 47:4	Because of the day that cometh to spoil all the Philistines, and to cut off from Tyrus and Zidon every helper that remaineth: for the LORD will spoil the Philistines, the remnant of the country of Caphtor.
Jeremiah 48:7	For because thou hast trusted in thy works and in thy treasures, thou shalt also be taken: and Chemosh shall go forth into captivity with his priests and his princes together.
Jeremiah 48:17	All ye that are about him, bemoan him; and all ye that know his name, say, How is the strong staff broken, and the beautiful rod!
Jeremiah 48:27	For was not Israel a derision unto thee? was he found among thieves? for since thou spakest of him, thou skippedst for joy.
Jeremiah 48:37	For every head shall be bald, and every beard clipped: upon all the hands shall be cuttings, and upon the loins sackcloth.
Jeremiah 48:47	Yet will I bring again the captivity of Moab in the latter days, saith the LORD. Thus far is the judgment of Moab.
Jeremiah 49:10	But I have made Esau bare, I have uncovered his secret places, and he shall not be able to hide himself: his seed is spoiled, and his brethren, and his neighbours, and he is not.
Jeremiah 49:20	Therefore hear the counsel of the LORD, that he hath taken against Edom; and his purposes, that he hath purposed against the inhabitants of Teman: Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out: surely he shall make their habitations desolate with them.
Jeremiah 49:30	Flee, get you far off, dwell deep, O ye inhabitants of Hazor, saith the LORD; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath taken counsel against you, and hath conceived a purpose against you.
Jeremiah 50:1	The word that the LORD spake against Babylon and against the land of the Chaldeans by Jeremiah the prophet.
Jeremiah 50:11	Because ye were glad, because ye rejoiced, O ye destroyers of mine heritage, because ye are grown fat as the heifer at grass, and bellow as bulls;
Jeremiah 50:21	Go up against the land of Merathaim, even against it, and against the inhabitants of Pekod: waste and utterly destroy after them, saith the LORD, and do according to all that I have commanded thee.
Jeremiah 50:31	Behold, I am against thee, O thou most proud, saith the Lord GOD of hosts: for thy day is come, the time that I will visit thee.
Jeremiah 50:41	Behold, a people shall come from the north, and a great nation, and many kings shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth.
Jeremiah 51:5	For Israel hath not been forsaken, nor Judah of his God, of the LORD of hosts; though their land was filled with sin against the Holy One of Israel.
Jeremiah 51:15	He hath made the earth by his power, he hath established the world by his wisdom, and hath stretched out the heaven by his understanding.
Jeremiah 51:25	Behold, I am against thee, O destroying mountain, saith the LORD, which destroyest all the earth: and I will stretch out mine hand upon thee, and roll thee down from the rocks, and will make thee a burnt mountain.
Jeremiah 51:35	The violence done to me and to my flesh be upon Babylon, shall the inhabitant of Zion say; and my blood upon the inhabitants of Chaldea, shall Jerusalem say.
Jeremiah 51:45	My people, go ye out of the midst of her, and deliver ye every man his soul from the fierce anger of the LORD.
Jeremiah 51:55	Because the LORD hath spoiled Babylon, and destroyed out of her the great voice; when her waves do roar like great waters, a noise of their voice is uttered:
Jeremiah 52:1	Zedekiah was one and twenty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
Jeremiah 52:11	Then he put out the eyes of Zedekiah; and the king of Babylon bound him in chains, and carried him to Babylon, and put him in prison till the day of his death.
Jeremiah 52:21	And concerning the pillars, the height of one pillar was eighteen cubits; and a fillet of twelve cubits did compass it; and the thickness thereof was four fingers: it was hollow.
Jeremiah 52:31	And it came to pass in the seven and thirtieth year of the captivity of Jehoiachin king of Judah, in the twelfth month, in the five and twentieth day of the month, that Evilmerodach king of Babylon in the first year of his reign lifted up the head of Jehoiachin king of Judah, and brought him forth out of prison.
Lamentations 1:7	Jerusalem remembered in the days of her affliction and of her miseries all her pleasant things that she had in the days of old, when her people fell into the hand of the enemy, and none did help her: the adversaries saw her, and did mock at her sabbaths.
Lamentations 1:17	Zion spreadeth forth her hands, and there is none to comfort her: the LORD hath commanded concerning Jacob, that his adversaries should be round about him: Jerusalem is as a menstruous woman among them.
Lamentations 2:5	The LORD was as an enemy: he hath swallowed up Israel, he hath swallowed up all her palaces: he hath destroyed his strong holds, and hath increased in the daughter of Judah mourning and lamentation.
Lamentations 2:15	All that pass by clap their hands at thee; they hiss and wag their head at the daughter of Jerusalem, saying, Is this the city that men call The perfection of beauty, The joy of the whole earth?
Lamentations 3:3	Surely against me is he turned; he turneth his hand against me all the day.
Lamentations 3:13	He hath caused the arrows of his quiver to enter into my reins.
Lamentations 3:23	They are new every morning: great is thy faithfulness.
Lamentations 3:33	For he doth not afflict willingly nor grieve the children of men.
Lamentations 3:43	Thou hast covered with anger, and persecuted us: thou hast slain, thou hast not pitied.
Lamentations 3:53	They have cut off my life in the dungeon, and cast a stone upon me.
Lamentations 3:63	Behold their sitting down, and their rising up; I am their musick.
Lamentations 4:7	Her Nazarites were purer than snow, they were whiter than milk, they were more ruddy in body than rubies, their polishing was of sapphire:
Lamentations 4:17	As for us, our eyes as yet failed for our vain help: in our watching we have watched for a nation that could not save us.
Lamentations 5:5	Our necks are under persecution: we labour, and have no rest.
Lamentations 5:15	The joy of our heart is ceased; our dance is turned into mourning.
Ezekiel 1:3	The word of the LORD came expressly unto Ezekiel the priest, the son of Buzi, in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Chebar; and the hand of the LORD was there upon him.
Ezekiel 1:13	As for the likeness of the living creatures, their appearance was like burning coals of fire, and like the appearance of lamps: it went up and down among the living creatures; and the fire was bright, and out of the fire went forth lightning.
Ezekiel 1:23	And under the firmament were their wings straight, the one toward the other: every one had two, which covered on this side, and every one had two, which covered on that side, their bodies.
Ezekiel 2:5	And they, whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear, (for they are a rebellious house,) yet shall know that there hath been a prophet among them.
Ezekiel 3:5	For thou art not sent to a people of a strange speech and of an hard language, but to the house of Israel;
Ezekiel 3:15	Then I came to them of the captivity at Telabib, that dwelt by the river of Chebar, and I sat where they sat, and remained there astonished among them seven days.
Ezekiel 3:25	But thou, O son of man, behold, they shall put bands upon thee, and shall bind thee with them, and thou shalt not go out among them:
Ezekiel 4:8	And, behold, I will lay bands upon thee, and thou shalt not turn thee from one side to another, till thou hast ended the days of thy siege.
Ezekiel 5:1	And thou, son of man, take thee a sharp knife, take thee a barber's razor, and cause it to pass upon thine head and upon thy beard: then take thee balances to weigh, and divide the hair.
Ezekiel 5:11	Wherefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD; Surely, because thou hast defiled my sanctuary with all thy detestable things, and with all thine abominations, therefore will I also diminish thee; neither shall mine eye spare, neither will I have any pity.
Ezekiel 6:4	And your altars shall be desolate, and your images shall be broken: and I will cast down your slain men before your idols.
Ezekiel 6:14	So will I stretch out my hand upon them, and make the land desolate, yea, more desolate than the wilderness toward Diblath, in all their habitations: and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 7:10	Behold the day, behold, it is come: the morning is gone forth; the rod hath blossomed, pride hath budded.
Ezekiel 7:20	As for the beauty of his ornament, he set it in majesty: but they made the images of their abominations and of their detestable things therein: therefore have I set it far from them.
Ezekiel 8:3	And he put forth the form of an hand, and took me by a lock of mine head; and the spirit lifted me up between the earth and the heaven, and brought me in the visions of God to Jerusalem, to the door of the inner gate that looketh toward the north; where was the seat of the image of jealousy, which provoketh to jealousy.
Ezekiel 8:13	He said also unto me, Turn thee yet again, and thou shalt see greater abominations that they do.
Ezekiel 9:5	And to the others he said in mine hearing, Go ye after him through the city, and smite: let not your eye spare, neither have ye pity:
Ezekiel 10:4	Then the glory of the LORD went up from the cherub, and stood over the threshold of the house; and the house was filled with the cloud, and the court was full of the brightness of the LORD's glory.
Ezekiel 10:14	And every one had four faces: the first face was the face of a cherub, and the second face was the face of a man, and the third the face of a lion, and the fourth the face of an eagle.
Ezekiel 11:2	Then said he unto me, Son of man, these are the men that devise mischief, and give wicked counsel in this city:
Ezekiel 11:12	And ye shall know that I am the LORD: for ye have not walked in my statutes, neither executed my judgments, but have done after the manners of the heathen that are round about you.
Ezekiel 11:22	Then did the cherubims lift up their wings, and the wheels beside them; and the glory of the God of Israel was over them above.
Ezekiel 12:7	And I did so as I was commanded: I brought forth my stuff by day, as stuff for captivity, and in the even I digged through the wall with mine hand; I brought it forth in the twilight, and I bare it upon my shoulder in their sight.
Ezekiel 12:17	Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Ezekiel 12:27	Son of man, behold, they of the house of Israel say, The vision that he seeth is for many days to come, and he prophesieth of the times that are far off.
Ezekiel 13:9	And mine hand shall be upon the prophets that see vanity, and that divine lies: they shall not be in the assembly of my people, neither shall they be written in the writing of the house of Israel, neither shall they enter into the land of Israel; and ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 13:19	And will ye pollute me among my people for handfuls of barley and for pieces of bread, to slay the souls that should not die, and to save the souls alive that should not live, by your lying to my people that hear your lies?
Ezekiel 14:6	Therefore say unto the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Repent, and turn yourselves from your idols; and turn away your faces from all your abominations.
Ezekiel 14:16	Though these three men were in it, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters; they only shall be delivered, but the land shall be desolate.
Ezekiel 15:3	Shall wood be taken thereof to do any work? or will men take a pin of it to hang any vessel thereon?
Ezekiel 16:5	None eye pitied thee, to do any of these unto thee, to have compassion upon thee; but thou wast cast out in the open field, to the lothing of thy person, in the day that thou wast born.
Ezekiel 16:15	But thou didst trust in thine own beauty, and playedst the harlot because of thy renown, and pouredst out thy fornications on every one that passed by; his it was.
Ezekiel 16:25	Thou hast built thy high place at every head of the way, and hast made thy beauty to be abhorred, and hast opened thy feet to every one that passed by, and multiplied thy whoredoms.
Ezekiel 16:35	Wherefore, O harlot, hear the word of the LORD:
Ezekiel 16:45	Thou art thy mother's daughter, that lotheth her husband and her children; and thou art the sister of thy sisters, which lothed their husbands and their children: your mother was an Hittite, and your father an Amorite.
Ezekiel 16:55	When thy sisters, Sodom and her daughters, shall return to their former estate, and Samaria and her daughters shall return to their former estate, then thou and thy daughters shall return to your former estate.
Ezekiel 17:2	Son of man, put forth a riddle, and speak a parable unto the house of Israel;
Ezekiel 17:12	Say now to the rebellious house, Know ye not what these things mean? tell them, Behold, the king of Babylon is come to Jerusalem, and hath taken the king thereof, and the princes thereof, and led them with him to Babylon;
Ezekiel 17:22	Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also take of the highest branch of the high cedar, and will set it; I will crop off from the top of his young twigs a tender one, and will plant it upon an high mountain and eminent:
Ezekiel 18:8	He that hath not given forth upon usury, neither hath taken any increase, that hath withdrawn his hand from iniquity, hath executed true judgment between man and man,
Ezekiel 18:18	As for his father, because he cruelly oppressed, spoiled his brother by violence, and did that which is not good among his people, lo, even he shall die in his iniquity.
Ezekiel 18:28	Because he considereth, and turneth away from all his transgressions that he hath committed, he shall surely live, he shall not die.
Ezekiel 19:6	And he went up and down among the lions, he became a young lion, and learned to catch the prey, and devoured men.
Ezekiel 20:2	Then came the word of the LORD unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 20:12	Moreover also I gave them my sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the LORD that sanctify them.
Ezekiel 20:22	Nevertheless I withdrew mine hand, and wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted in the sight of the heathen, in whose sight I brought them forth.
Ezekiel 20:32	And that which cometh into your mind shall not be at all, that ye say, We will be as the heathen, as the families of the countries, to serve wood and stone.
Ezekiel 20:42	And ye shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall bring you into the land of Israel, into the country for the which I lifted up mine hand to give it to your fathers.
Ezekiel 21:3	And say to the land of Israel, Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I am against thee, and will draw forth my sword out of his sheath, and will cut off from thee the righteous and the wicked.
Ezekiel 21:13	Because it is a trial, and what if the sword contemn even the rod? it shall be no more, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 21:23	And it shall be unto them as a false divination in their sight, to them that have sworn oaths: but he will call to remembrance the iniquity, that they may be taken.
Ezekiel 22:1	Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 22:11	And one hath committed abomination with his neighbour's wife; and another hath lewdly defiled his daughter in law; and another in thee hath humbled his sister, his father's daughter.
Ezekiel 22:21	Yea, I will gather you, and blow upon you in the fire of my wrath, and ye shall be melted in the midst therof.
Ezekiel 22:31	Therefore have I poured out mine indignation upon them; I have consumed them with the fire of my wrath: their own way have I recompensed upon their heads, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 23:10	These discovered her nakedness: they took her sons and her daughters, and slew her with the sword: and she became famous among women; for they had executed judgment upon her.
Ezekiel 23:20	For she doted upon their paramours, whose flesh is as the flesh of asses, and whose issue is like the issue of horses.
Ezekiel 23:30	I will do these things unto thee, because thou hast gone a whoring after the heathen, and because thou art polluted with their idols.
Ezekiel 23:40	And furthermore, that ye have sent for men to come from far, unto whom a messenger was sent; and, lo, they came: for whom thou didst wash thyself, paintedst thy eyes, and deckedst thyself with ornaments,
Ezekiel 24:1	Again in the ninth year, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 24:11	Then set it empty upon the coals thereof, that the brass of it may be hot, and may burn, and that the filthiness of it may be molten in it, that the scum of it may be consumed.
Ezekiel 24:21	Speak unto the house of Israel, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will profane my sanctuary, the excellency of your strength, the desire of your eyes, and that which your soul pitieth; and your sons and your daughters whom ye have left shall fall by the sword.
Ezekiel 25:4	Behold, therefore I will deliver thee to the men of the east for a possession, and they shall set their palaces in thee, and make their dwellings in thee: they shall eat thy fruit, and they shall drink thy milk.
Ezekiel 25:14	And I will lay my vengeance upon Edom by the hand of my people Israel: and they shall do in Edom according to mine anger and according to my fury; and they shall know my vengeance, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 26:7	For thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will bring upon Tyrus Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, a king of kings, from the north, with horses, and with chariots, and with horsemen, and companies, and much people.
Ezekiel 26:17	And they shall take up a lamentation for thee, and say to thee, How art thou destroyed, that wast inhabited of seafaring men, the renowned city, which wast strong in the sea, she and her inhabitants, which cause their terror to be on all that haunt it!
Ezekiel 27:6	Of the oaks of Bashan have they made thine oars; the company of the Ashurites have made thy benches of ivory, brought out of the isles of Chittim.
Ezekiel 27:16	Syria was thy merchant by reason of the multitude of the wares of thy making: they occupied in thy fairs with emeralds, purple, and broidered work, and fine linen, and coral, and agate.
Ezekiel 27:26	Thy rowers have brought thee into great waters: the east wind hath broken thee in the midst of the seas.
Ezekiel 27:36	The merchants among the people shall hiss at thee; thou shalt be a terror, and never shalt be any more.
Ezekiel 28:10	Thou shalt die the deaths of the uncircumcised by the hand of strangers: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 28:20	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 29:4	But I will put hooks in thy jaws, and I will cause the fish of thy rivers to stick unto thy scales, and I will bring thee up out of the midst of thy rivers, and all the fish of thy rivers shall stick unto thy scales.
Ezekiel 29:14	And I will bring again the captivity of Egypt, and will cause them to return into the land of Pathros, into the land of their habitation; and they shall be there a base kingdom.
Ezekiel 30:3	For the day is near, even the day of the LORD is near, a cloudy day; it shall be the time of the heathen.
Ezekiel 30:13	Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also destroy the idols, and I will cause their images to cease out of Noph; and there shall be no more a prince of the land of Egypt: and I will put a fear in the land of Egypt.
Ezekiel 30:23	And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the countries.
Ezekiel 31:7	Thus was he fair in his greatness, in the length of his branches: for his root was by great waters.
Ezekiel 31:17	They also went down into hell with him unto them that be slain with the sword; and they that were his arm, that dwelt under his shadow in the midst of the heathen.
Ezekiel 32:9	I will also vex the hearts of many people, when I shall bring thy destruction among the nations, into the countries which thou hast not known.
Ezekiel 32:19	Whom dost thou pass in beauty? go down, and be thou laid with the uncircumcised.
Ezekiel 32:29	There is Edom, her kings, and all her princes, which with their might are laid by them that were slain by the sword: they shall lie with the uncircumcised, and with them that go down to the pit.
Ezekiel 33:7	So thou, O son of man, I have set thee a watchman unto the house of Israel; therefore thou shalt hear the word at my mouth, and warn them from me.
Ezekiel 33:17	Yet the children of thy people say, The way of the Lord is not equal: but as for them, their way is not equal.
Ezekiel 33:27	Say thou thus unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; As I live, surely they that are in the wastes shall fall by the sword, and him that is in the open field will I give to the beasts to be devoured, and they that be in the forts and in the caves shall die of the pestilence.
Ezekiel 34:4	The diseased have ye not strengthened, neither have ye healed that which was sick, neither have ye bound up that which was broken, neither have ye brought again that which was driven away, neither have ye sought that which was lost; but with force and with cruelty have ye ruled them.
Ezekiel 34:14	I will feed them in a good pasture, and upon the high mountains of Israel shall their fold be: there shall they lie in a good fold, and in a fat pasture shall they feed upon the mountains of Israel.
Ezekiel 34:24	And I the LORD will be their God, and my servant David a prince among them; I the LORD have spoken it.
Ezekiel 35:3	And say unto it, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O mount Seir, I am against thee, and I will stretch out mine hand against thee, and I will make thee most desolate.
Ezekiel 35:13	Thus with your mouth ye have boasted against me, and have multiplied your words against me: I have heard them.
Ezekiel 36:8	But ye, O mountains of Israel, ye shall shoot forth your branches, and yield your fruit to my people of Israel; for they are at hand to come.
Ezekiel 36:18	Wherefore I poured my fury upon them for the blood that they had shed upon the land, and for their idols wherewith they had polluted it:
Ezekiel 36:28	And ye shall dwell in the land that I gave to your fathers; and ye shall be my people, and I will be your God.
Ezekiel 36:38	As the holy flock, as the flock of Jerusalem in her solemn feasts; so shall the waste cities be filled with flocks of men: and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 37:10	So I prophesied as he commanded me, and the breath came into them, and they lived, and stood up upon their feet, an exceeding great army.
Ezekiel 37:20	And the sticks whereon thou writest shall be in thine hand before their eyes.
Ezekiel 38:2	Son of man, set thy face against Gog, the land of Magog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal, and prophesy against him,
Ezekiel 38:12	To take a spoil, and to take a prey; to turn thine hand upon the desolate places that are now inhabited, and upon the people that are gathered out of the nations, which have gotten cattle and goods, that dwell in the midst of the land.
Ezekiel 38:22	And I will plead against him with pestilence and with blood; and I will rain upon him, and upon his bands, and upon the many people that are with him, an overflowing rain, and great hailstones, fire, and brimstone.
Ezekiel 39:9	And they that dwell in the cities of Israel shall go forth, and shall set on fire and burn the weapons, both the shields and the bucklers, the bows and the arrows, and the handstaves, and the spears, and they shall burn them with fire seven years:
Ezekiel 39:19	And ye shall eat fat till ye be full, and drink blood till ye be drunken, of my sacrifice which I have sacrificed for you.
Ezekiel 39:29	Neither will I hide my face any more from them: for I have poured out my spirit upon the house of Israel, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 40:10	And the little chambers of the gate eastward were three on this side, and three on that side; they three were of one measure: and the posts had one measure on this side and on that side.
Ezekiel 40:20	And the gate of the outward court that looked toward the north, he measured the length thereof, and the breadth thereof.
Ezekiel 40:30	And the arches round about were five and twenty cubits long, and five cubits broad.
Ezekiel 40:40	And at the side without, as one goeth up to the entry of the north gate, were two tables; and on the other side, which was at the porch of the gate, were two tables.
Ezekiel 41:1	Afterward he brought me to the temple, and measured the posts, six cubits broad on the one side, and six cubits broad on the other side, which was the breadth of the tabernacle.
Ezekiel 41:11	And the doors of the side chambers were toward the place that was left, one door toward the north, and another door toward the south: and the breadth of the place that was left was five cubits round about.
Ezekiel 41:21	The posts of the temple were squared, and the face of the sanctuary; the appearance of the one as the appearance of the other.
Ezekiel 42:5	Now the upper chambers were shorter: for the galleries were higher than these, than the lower, and than the middlemost of the building.
Ezekiel 42:15	Now when he had made an end of measuring the inner house, he brought me forth toward the gate whose prospect is toward the east, and measured it round about.
Ezekiel 43:5	So the spirit took me up, and brought me into the inner court; and, behold, the glory of the LORD filled the house.
Ezekiel 43:15	So the altar shall be four cubits; and from the altar and upward shall be four horns.
Ezekiel 43:25	Seven days shalt thou prepare every day a goat for a sin offering: they shall also prepare a young bullock, and a ram out of the flock, without blemish.
Ezekiel 44:8	And ye have not kept the charge of mine holy things: but ye have set keepers of my charge in my sanctuary for yourselves.
Ezekiel 44:18	They shall have linen bonnets upon their heads, and shall have linen breeches upon their loins; they shall not gird themselves with any thing that causeth sweat.
Ezekiel 44:28	And it shall be unto them for an inheritance: I am their inheritance: and ye shall give them no possession in Israel: I am their possession.
Ezekiel 45:7	And a portion shall be for the prince on the one side and on the other side of the oblation of the holy portion, and of the possession of the city, before the oblation of the holy portion, and before the possession of the city, from the west side westward, and from the east side eastward: and the length shall be over against one of the portions, from the west border unto the east border.
Ezekiel 45:17	And it shall be the prince's part to give burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and drink offerings, in the feasts, and in the new moons, and in the sabbaths, in all solemnities of the house of Israel: he shall prepare the sin offering, and the meat offering, and the burnt offering, and the peace offerings, to make reconciliation for the house of Israel.
Ezekiel 46:2	And the prince shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate without, and shall stand by the post of the gate, and the priests shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings, and he shall worship at the threshold of the gate: then he shall go forth; but the gate shall not be shut until the evening.
Ezekiel 46:12	Now when the prince shall prepare a voluntary burnt offering or peace offerings voluntarily unto the LORD, one shall then open him the gate that looketh toward the east, and he shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings, as he did on the sabbath day: then he shall go forth; and after his going forth one shall shut the gate.
Ezekiel 46:22	In the four corners of the court there were courts joined of forty cubits long and thirty broad: these four corners were of one measure.
Ezekiel 47:8	Then said he unto me, These waters issue out toward the east country, and go down into the desert, and go into the sea: which being brought forth into the sea, the waters shall be healed.
Ezekiel 47:18	And the east side ye shall measure from Hauran, and from Damascus, and from Gilead, and from the land of Israel by Jordan, from the border unto the east sea. And this is the east side.
Ezekiel 48:5	And by the border of Manasseh, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Ephraim.
Ezekiel 48:15	And the five thousand, that are left in the breadth over against the five and twenty thousand, shall be a profane place for the city, for dwelling, and for suburbs: and the city shall be in the midst thereof.
Ezekiel 48:25	And by the border of Simeon, from the east side unto the west side, Issachar a portion.
Ezekiel 48:35	It was round about eighteen thousand measures: and the name of the city from that day shall be, The LORD is there.
Daniel 1:10	And the prince of the eunuchs said unto Daniel, I fear my lord the king, who hath appointed your meat and your drink: for why should he see your faces worse liking than the children which are of your sort? then shall ye make me endanger my head to the king.
Daniel 1:20	And in all matters of wisdom and understanding, that the king enquired of them, he found them ten times better than all the magicians and astrologers that were in all his realm.
Daniel 2:9	But if ye will not make known unto me the dream, there is but one decree for you: for ye have prepared lying and corrupt words to speak before me, till the time be changed: therefore tell me the dream, and I shall know that ye can shew me the interpretation thereof.
Daniel 2:19	Then was the secret revealed unto Daniel in a night vision. Then Daniel blessed the God of heaven.
Daniel 2:29	As for thee, O king, thy thoughts came into thy mind upon thy bed, what should come to pass hereafter: and he that revealeth secrets maketh known to thee what shall come to pass.
Daniel 2:39	And after thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee, and another third kingdom of brass, which shall bear rule over all the earth.
Daniel 2:49	Then Daniel requested of the king, and he set Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, over the affairs of the province of Babylon: but Daniel sat in the gate of the king.
Daniel 3:10	Thou, O king, hast made a decree, that every man that shall hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, shall fall down and worship the golden image:
Daniel 3:20	And he commanded the most mighty men that were in his army to bind Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, and to cast them into the burning fiery furnace.
Daniel 3:30	Then the king promoted Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, in the province of Babylon.
Daniel 4:10	Thus were the visions of mine head in my bed; I saw, and behold a tree in the midst of the earth, and the height thereof was great.
Daniel 4:20	The tree that thou sawest, which grew, and was strong, whose height reached unto the heaven, and the sight thereof to all the earth;
Daniel 4:30	The king spake, and said, Is not this great Babylon, that I have built for the house of the kingdom by the might of my power, and for the honour of my majesty?
Daniel 5:3	Then they brought the golden vessels that were taken out of the temple of the house of God which was at Jerusalem; and the king, and his princes, his wives, and his concubines, drank in them.
Daniel 5:13	Then was Daniel brought in before the king. And the king spake and said unto Daniel, Art thou that Daniel, which art of the children of the captivity of Judah, whom the king my father brought out of Jewry?
Daniel 5:23	But hast lifted up thyself against the Lord of heaven; and they have brought the vessels of his house before thee, and thou, and thy lords, thy wives, and thy concubines, have drunk wine in them; and thou hast praised the gods of silver, and gold, of brass, iron, wood, and stone, which see not, nor hear, nor know: and the God in whose hand thy breath is, and whose are all thy ways, hast thou not glorified:
Daniel 6:2	And over these three presidents; of whom Daniel was first: that the princes might give accounts unto them, and the king should have no damage.
Daniel 6:12	Then they came near, and spake before the king concerning the king's decree; Hast thou not signed a decree, that every man that shall ask a petition of any God or man within thirty days, save of thee, O king, shall be cast into the den of lions? The king answered and said, The thing is true, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not.
Daniel 6:22	My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me: forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me; and also before thee, O king, have I done no hurt.
Daniel 7:4	The first was like a lion, and had eagle's wings: I beheld till the wings thereof were plucked, and it was lifted up from the earth, and made stand upon the feet as a man, and a man's heart was given to it.
Daniel 7:14	And there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages, should serve him: his dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed.
Daniel 7:24	And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise: and another shall rise after them; and he shall be diverse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings.
Daniel 8:6	And he came to the ram that had two horns, which I had seen standing before the river, and ran unto him in the fury of his power.
Daniel 8:16	And I heard a man's voice between the banks of Ulai, which called, and said, Gabriel, make this man to understand the vision.
Daniel 8:26	And the vision of the evening and the morning which was told is true: wherefore shut thou up the vision; for it shall be for many days.
Daniel 9:9	To the Lord our God belong mercies and forgivenesses, though we have rebelled against him;
Daniel 9:19	O Lord, hear; O Lord, forgive; O Lord, hearken and do; defer not, for thine own sake, O my God: for thy city and thy people are called by thy name.
Daniel 10:2	In those days I Daniel was mourning three full weeks.
Daniel 10:12	Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy words.
Daniel 11:1	Also I in the first year of Darius the Mede, even I, stood to confirm and to strengthen him.
Daniel 11:11	And the king of the south shall be moved with choler, and shall come forth and fight with him, even with the king of the north: and he shall set forth a great multitude; but the multitude shall be given into his hand.
Daniel 11:21	And in his estate shall stand up a vile person, to whom they shall not give the honour of the kingdom: but he shall come in peaceably, and obtain the kingdom by flatteries.
Daniel 11:31	And arms shall stand on his part, and they shall pollute the sanctuary of strength, and shall take away the daily sacrifice, and they shall place the abomination that maketh desolate.
Daniel 11:41	He shall enter also into the glorious land, and many countries shall be overthrown: but these shall escape out of his hand, even Edom, and Moab, and the chief of the children of Ammon.
Daniel 12:6	And one said to the man clothed in linen, which was upon the waters of the river, How long shall it be to the end of these wonders?
Hosea 1:3	So he went and took Gomer the daughter of Diblaim; which conceived, and bare him a son.
Hosea 2:2	Plead with your mother, plead: for she is not my wife, neither am I her husband: let her therefore put away her whoredoms out of her sight, and her adulteries from between her breasts;
Hosea 2:12	And I will destroy her vines and her fig trees, whereof she hath said, These are my rewards that my lovers have given me: and I will make them a forest, and the beasts of the field shall eat them.
Hosea 2:22	And the earth shall hear the corn, and the wine, and the oil; and they shall hear Jezreel.
Hosea 4:4	Yet let no man strive, nor reprove another: for thy people are as they that strive with the priest.
Hosea 4:14	I will not punish your daughters when they commit whoredom, nor your spouses when they commit adultery: for themselves are separated with whores, and they sacrifice with harlots: therefore the people that doth not understand shall fall.
Hosea 5:5	And the pride of Israel doth testify to his face: therefore shall Israel and Ephraim fall in their iniquity: Judah also shall fall with them.
Hosea 5:15	I will go and return to my place, till they acknowledge their offence, and seek my face: in their affliction they will seek me early.
Hosea 6:10	I have seen an horrible thing in the house of Israel: there is the whoredom of Ephraim, Israel is defiled.
Hosea 7:9	Strangers have devoured his strength, and he knoweth it not: yea, gray hairs are here and there upon him, yet he knoweth not.
Hosea 8:3	Israel hath cast off the thing that is good: the enemy shall pursue him.
Hosea 8:13	They sacrifice flesh for the sacrifices of mine offerings, and eat it; but the LORD accepteth them not; now will he remember their iniquity, and visit their sins: they shall return to Egypt.
Hosea 9:9	They have deeply corrupted themselves, as in the days of Gibeah: therefore he will remember their iniquity, he will visit their sins.
Hosea 10:2	Their heart is divided; now shall they be found faulty: he shall break down their altars, he shall spoil their images.
Hosea 10:12	Sow to yourselves in righteousness, reap in mercy; break up your fallow ground: for it is time to seek the LORD, till he come and rain righteousness upon you.
Hosea 11:7	And my people are bent to backsliding from me: though they called them to the most High, none at all would exalt him.
Hosea 12:5	Even the LORD God of hosts; the LORD is his memorial.
Hosea 13:1	When Ephraim spake trembling, he exalted himself in Israel; but when he offended in Baal, he died.
Hosea 13:11	I gave thee a king in mine anger, and took him away in my wrath.
Hosea 14:5	I will be as the dew unto Israel: he shall grow as the lily, and cast forth his roots as Lebanon.
Joel 1:6	For a nation is come up upon my land, strong, and without number, whose teeth are the teeth of a lion, and he hath the cheek teeth of a great lion.
Joel 1:16	Is not the meat cut off before our eyes, yea, joy and gladness from the house of our God?
Joel 2:6	Before their face the people shall be much pained: all faces shall gather blackness.
Joel 2:16	Gather the people, sanctify the congregation, assemble the elders, gather the children, and those that suck the breasts: let the bridegroom go forth of his chamber, and the bride out of her closet.
Joel 2:26	And ye shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied, and praise the name of the LORD your God, that hath dealt wondrously with you: and my people shall never be ashamed.
Joel 3:4	Yea, and what have ye to do with me, O Tyre, and Zidon, and all the coasts of Palestine? will ye render me a recompence? and if ye recompense me, swiftly and speedily will I return your recompence upon your own head;
Joel 3:14	Multitudes, multitudes in the valley of decision: for the day of the LORD is near in the valley of decision.
Amos 1:3	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of Damascus, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have threshed Gilead with threshing instruments of iron:
Amos 1:13	Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of the children of Ammon, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they have ripped up the women with child of Gilead, that they might enlarge their border:
Amos 2:8	And they lay themselves down upon clothes laid to pledge by every altar, and they drink the wine of the condemned in the house of their god.
Amos 3:2	You only have I known of all the families of the earth: therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities.
Amos 3:12	Thus saith the LORD; As the shepherd taketh out of the mouth of the lion two legs, or a piece of an ear; so shall the children of Israel be taken out that dwell in Samaria in the corner of a bed, and in Damascus in a couch.
Amos 4:7	And also I have withholden the rain from you, when there were yet three months to the harvest: and I caused it to rain upon one city, and caused it not to rain upon another city: one piece was rained upon, and the piece whereupon it rained not withered.
Amos 5:4	For thus saith the LORD unto the house of Israel, Seek ye me, and ye shall live:
Amos 5:14	Seek good, and not evil, that ye may live: and so the LORD, the God of hosts, shall be with you, as ye have spoken.
Amos 5:24	But let judgment run down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream.
Amos 6:7	Therefore now shall they go captive with the first that go captive, and the banquet of them that stretched themselves shall be removed.
Amos 7:3	The LORD repented for this: It shall not be, saith the LORD.
Amos 7:13	But prophesy not again any more at Bethel: for it is the king's chapel, and it is the king's court.
Amos 8:6	That we may buy the poor for silver, and the needy for a pair of shoes; yea, and sell the refuse of the wheat?
Amos 9:2	Though they dig into hell, thence shall mine hand take them; though they climb up to heaven, thence will I bring them down:
Amos 9:12	That they may possess the remnant of Edom, and of all the heathen, which are called by my name, saith the LORD that doeth this.
Obadiah 1:7	All the men of thy confederacy have brought thee even to the border: the men that were at peace with thee have deceived thee, and prevailed against thee; that they eat thy bread have laid a wound under thee: there is none understanding in him.
Obadiah 1:17	But upon mount Zion shall be deliverance, and there shall be holiness; and the house of Jacob shall possess their possessions.
Jonah 1:6	So the shipmaster came to him, and said unto him, What meanest thou, O sleeper? arise, call upon thy God, if so be that God will think upon us, that we perish not.
Jonah 1:16	Then the men feared the LORD exceedingly, and offered a sacrifice unto the LORD, and made vows.
Jonah 2:9	But I will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving; I will pay that that I have vowed. Salvation is of the LORD.
Jonah 3:9	Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and turn away from his fierce anger, that we perish not?
Jonah 4:9	And God said to Jonah, Doest thou well to be angry for the gourd? And he said, I do well to be angry, even unto death.
Micah 1:8	Therefore I will wail and howl, I will go stripped and naked: I will make a wailing like the dragons, and mourning as the owls.
Micah 2:2	And they covet fields, and take them by violence; and houses, and take them away: so they oppress a man and his house, even a man and his heritage.
Micah 2:12	I will surely assemble, O Jacob, all of thee; I will surely gather the remnant of Israel; I will put them together as the sheep of Bozrah, as the flock in the midst of their fold: they shall make great noise by reason of the multitude of men.
Micah 3:9	Hear this, I pray you, ye heads of the house of Jacob, and princes of the house of Israel, that abhor judgment, and pervert all equity.
Micah 4:7	And I will make her that halted a remnant, and her that was cast far off a strong nation: and the LORD shall reign over them in mount Zion from henceforth, even for ever.
Micah 5:4	And he shall stand and feed in the strength of the LORD, in the majesty of the name of the LORD his God; and they shall abide: for now shall he be great unto the ends of the earth.
Micah 5:14	And I will pluck up thy groves out of the midst of thee: so will I destroy thy cities.
Micah 6:9	The LORD's voice crieth unto the city, and the man of wisdom shall see thy name: hear ye the rod, and who hath appointed it.
Micah 7:3	That they may do evil with both hands earnestly, the prince asketh, and the judge asketh for a reward; and the great man, he uttereth his mischievous desire: so they wrap it up.
Micah 7:13	Notwithstanding the land shall be desolate because of them that dwell therein, for the fruit of their doings.
Nahum 1:3	The LORD is slow to anger, and great in power, and will not at all acquit the wicked: the LORD hath his way in the whirlwind and in the storm, and the clouds are the dust of his feet.
Nahum 1:13	For now will I break his yoke from off thee, and will burst thy bonds in sunder.
Nahum 2:8	But Nineveh is of old like a pool of water: yet they shall flee away. Stand, stand, shall they cry; but none shall look back.
Nahum 3:5	Behold, I am against thee, saith the LORD of hosts; and I will discover thy skirts upon thy face, and I will shew the nations thy nakedness, and the kingdoms thy shame.
Nahum 3:15	There shall the fire devour thee; the sword shall cut thee off, it shall eat thee up like the cankerworm: make thyself many as the cankerworm, make thyself many as the locusts.
Habakkuk 1:6	For, lo, I raise up the Chaldeans, that bitter and hasty nation, which shall march through the breadth of the land, to possess the dwellingplaces that are not their's.
Habakkuk 1:16	Therefore they sacrifice unto their net, and burn incense unto their drag; because by them their portion is fat, and their meat plenteous.
Habakkuk 2:9	Woe to him that coveteth an evil covetousness to his house, that he may set his nest on high, that he may be delivered from the power of evil!
Habakkuk 2:19	Woe unto him that saith to the wood, Awake; to the dumb stone, Arise, it shall teach! Behold, it is laid over with gold and silver, and there is no breath at all in the midst of it.
Habakkuk 3:9	Thy bow was made quite naked, according to the oaths of the tribes, even thy word. Selah. Thou didst cleave the earth with rivers.
Habakkuk 3:19	The LORD God is my strength, and he will make my feet like hinds' feet, and he will make me to walk upon mine high places. To the chief singer on my stringed instruments.
Zephaniah 1:10	And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD, that there shall be the noise of a cry from the fish gate, and an howling from the second, and a great crashing from the hills.
Zephaniah 2:2	Before the decree bring forth, before the day pass as the chaff, before the fierce anger of the LORD come upon you, before the day of the LORD's anger come upon you.
Zephaniah 2:12	Ye Ethiopians also, ye shall be slain by my sword.
Zephaniah 3:7	I said, Surely thou wilt fear me, thou wilt receive instruction; so their dwelling should not be cut off, howsoever I punished them: but they rose early, and corrupted all their doings.
Zephaniah 3:17	The LORD thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy; he will rest in his love, he will joy over thee with singing.
Haggai 1:7	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways.
Haggai 2:2	Speak now to Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and to Joshua the son of Josedech, the high priest, and to the residue of the people, saying,
Haggai 2:12	If one bear holy flesh in the skirt of his garment, and with his skirt do touch bread, or pottage, or wine, or oil, or any meat, shall it be holy? And the priests answered and said, No.
Haggai 2:22	And I will overthrow the throne of kingdoms, and I will destroy the strength of the kingdoms of the heathen; and I will overthrow the chariots, and those that ride in them; and the horses and their riders shall come down, every one by the sword of his brother.
Zechariah 1:9	Then said I, O my lord, what are these? And the angel that talked with me said unto me, I will shew thee what these be.
Zechariah 1:19	And I said unto the angel that talked with me, What be these? And he answered me, These are the horns which have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem.
Zechariah 2:8	For thus saith the LORD of hosts; After the glory hath he sent me unto the nations which spoiled you: for he that toucheth you toucheth the apple of his eye.
Zechariah 3:5	And I said, Let them set a fair mitre upon his head. So they set a fair mitre upon his head, and clothed him with garments. And the angel of the LORD stood by.
Zechariah 4:5	Then the angel that talked with me answered and said unto me, Knowest thou not what these be? And I said, No, my lord.
Zechariah 5:1	Then I turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a flying roll.
Zechariah 5:11	And he said unto me, To build it an house in the land of Shinar: and it shall be established, and set there upon her own base.
Zechariah 6:10	Take of them of the captivity, even of Heldai, of Tobijah, and of Jedaiah, which are come from Babylon, and come thou the same day, and go into the house of Josiah the son of Zephaniah;
Zechariah 7:5	Speak unto all the people of the land, and to the priests, saying, When ye fasted and mourned in the fifth and seventh month, even those seventy years, did ye at all fast unto me, even to me?
Zechariah 8:1	Again the word of the LORD of hosts came to me, saying,
Zechariah 8:11	But now I will not be unto the residue of this people as in the former days, saith the LORD of hosts.
Zechariah 8:21	And the inhabitants of one city shall go to another, saying, Let us go speedily to pray before the LORD, and to seek the LORD of hosts: I will go also.
Zechariah 9:8	And I will encamp about mine house because of the army, because of him that passeth by, and because of him that returneth: and no oppressor shall pass through them any more: for now have I seen with mine eyes.
Zechariah 10:1	Ask ye of the LORD rain in the time of the latter rain; so the LORD shall make bright clouds, and give them showers of rain, to every one grass in the field.
Zechariah 10:11	And he shall pass through the sea with affliction, and shall smite the waves in the sea, and all the deeps of the river shall dry up: and the pride of Assyria shall be brought down, and the sceptre of Egypt shall depart away.
Zechariah 11:9	Then said I, I will not feed you: that that dieth, let it die; and that that is to be cut off, let it be cut off; and let the rest eat every one the flesh of another.
Zechariah 12:2	Behold, I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling unto all the people round about, when they shall be in the siege both against Judah and against Jerusalem.
Zechariah 12:12	And the land shall mourn, every family apart; the family of the house of David apart, and their wives apart; the family of the house of Nathan apart, and their wives apart;
Zechariah 13:8	And it shall come to pass, that in all the land, saith the LORD, two parts therein shall be cut off and die; but the third shall be left therein.
Zechariah 14:9	And the LORD shall be king over all the earth: in that day shall there be one LORD, and his name one.
Zechariah 14:19	This shall be the punishment of Egypt, and the punishment of all nations that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles.
Malachi 1:8	And if ye offer the blind for sacrifice, is it not evil? and if ye offer the lame and sick, is it not evil? offer it now unto thy governor; will he be pleased with thee, or accept thy person? saith the LORD of hosts.
Malachi 2:4	And ye shall know that I have sent this commandment unto you, that my covenant might be with Levi, saith the LORD of hosts.
Malachi 2:14	Yet ye say, Wherefore? Because the LORD hath been witness between thee and the wife of thy youth, against whom thou hast dealt treacherously: yet is she thy companion, and the wife of thy covenant.
Malachi 3:7	Even from the days of your fathers ye are gone away from mine ordinances, and have not kept them. Return unto me, and I will return unto you, saith the LORD of hosts. But ye said, Wherein shall we return?
Malachi 3:17	And they shall be mine, saith the LORD of hosts, in that day when I make up my jewels; and I will spare them, as a man spareth his own son that serveth him.
Matthew 1:3	And Judas begat Phares and Zara of Thamar; and Phares begat Esrom; and Esrom begat Aram;
Matthew 1:13	And Zorobabel begat Abiud; and Abiud begat Eliakim; and Eliakim begat Azor;
Matthew 1:23	Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us.
Matthew 2:8	And he sent them to Bethlehem, and said, Go and search diligently for the young child; and when ye have found him, bring me word again, that I may come and worship him also.
Matthew 2:18	In Rama was there a voice heard, lamentation, and weeping, and great mourning, Rachel weeping for her children, and would not be comforted, because they are not.
Matthew 3:5	Then went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judaea, and all the region round about Jordan,
Matthew 3:15	And Jesus answering said unto him, Suffer it to be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness. Then he suffered him.
Matthew 4:8	Again, the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them;
Matthew 4:18	And Jesus, walking by the sea of Galilee, saw two brethren, Simon called Peter, and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers.
Matthew 5:3	Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 5:13	Ye are the salt of the earth: but if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men.
Matthew 5:23	Therefore if thou bring thy gift to the altar, and there rememberest that thy brother hath ought against thee;
Matthew 5:33	Again, ye have heard that it hath been said by them of old time, Thou shalt not forswear thyself, but shalt perform unto the Lord thine oaths:
Matthew 5:43	Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy.
Matthew 6:5	And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.
Matthew 6:15	But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.
Matthew 6:25	Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?
Matthew 7:1	Judge not, that ye be not judged.
Matthew 7:11	If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him?
Matthew 7:21	Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 8:2	And, behold, there came a leper and worshipped him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.
Matthew 8:12	But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Matthew 8:22	But Jesus said unto him, Follow me; and let the dead bury their dead.
Matthew 8:32	And he said unto them, Go. And when they were come out, they went into the herd of swine: and, behold, the whole herd of swine ran violently down a steep place into the sea, and perished in the waters.
Matthew 9:8	But when the multitudes saw it, they marvelled, and glorified God, which had given such power unto men.
Matthew 9:18	While he spake these things unto them, behold, there came a certain ruler, and worshipped him, saying, My daughter is even now dead: but come and lay thy hand upon her, and she shall live.
Matthew 9:28	And when he was come into the house, the blind men came to him: and Jesus saith unto them, Believe ye that I am able to do this? They said unto him, Yea, Lord.
Matthew 9:38	Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth labourers into his harvest.
Matthew 10:10	Nor scrip for your journey, neither two coats, neither shoes, nor yet staves: for the workman is worthy of his meat.
Matthew 10:20	For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you.
Matthew 10:30	But the very hairs of your head are all numbered.
Matthew 10:40	He that receiveth you receiveth me, and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me.
Matthew 11:8	But what went ye out for to see? A man clothed in soft raiment? behold, they that wear soft clothing are in kings' houses.
Matthew 11:18	For John came neither eating nor drinking, and they say, He hath a devil.
Matthew 11:28	Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
Matthew 12:8	For the Son of man is Lord even of the sabbath day.
Matthew 12:18	Behold my servant, whom I have chosen; my beloved, in whom my soul is well pleased: I will put my spirit upon him, and he shall shew judgment to the Gentiles.
Matthew 12:28	But if I cast out devils by the Spirit of God, then the kingdom of God is come unto you.
Matthew 12:38	Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee.
Matthew 12:48	But he answered and said unto him that told him, Who is my mother? and who are my brethren?
Matthew 13:8	But other fell into good ground, and brought forth fruit, some an hundredfold, some sixtyfold, some thirtyfold.
Matthew 13:18	Hear ye therefore the parable of the sower.
Matthew 13:28	He said unto them, An enemy hath done this. The servants said unto him, Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up?
Matthew 13:38	The field is the world; the good seed are the children of the kingdom; but the tares are the children of the wicked one;
Matthew 13:48	Which, when it was full, they drew to shore, and sat down, and gathered the good into vessels, but cast the bad away.
Matthew 13:58	And he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief.
Matthew 14:10	And he sent, and beheaded John in the prison.
Matthew 14:20	And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the fragments that remained twelve baskets full.
Matthew 14:30	But when he saw the wind boisterous, he was afraid; and beginning to sink, he cried, saying, Lord, save me.
Matthew 15:4	For God commanded, saying, Honour thy father and mother: and, He that curseth father or mother, let him die the death.
Matthew 15:14	Let them alone: they be blind leaders of the blind. And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.
Matthew 15:24	But he answered and said, I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel.
Matthew 15:34	And Jesus saith unto them, How many loaves have ye? And they said, Seven, and a few little fishes.
Matthew 16:5	And when his disciples were come to the other side, they had forgotten to take bread.
Matthew 16:15	He saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am?
Matthew 16:25	For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it.
Matthew 17:7	And Jesus came and touched them, and said, Arise, and be not afraid.
Matthew 17:17	Then Jesus answered and said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him hither to me.
Matthew 17:27	Notwithstanding, lest we should offend them, go thou to the sea, and cast an hook, and take up the fish that first cometh up; and when thou hast opened his mouth, thou shalt find a piece of money: that take, and give unto them for me and thee.
Matthew 18:10	Take heed that ye despise not one of these little ones; for I say unto you, That in heaven their angels do always behold the face of my Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 18:20	For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them.
Matthew 18:30	And he would not: but went and cast him into prison, till he should pay the debt.
Matthew 19:5	And said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they twain shall be one flesh?
Matthew 19:15	And he laid his hands on them, and departed thence.
Matthew 19:25	When his disciples heard it, they were exceedingly amazed, saying, Who then can be saved?
Matthew 20:5	Again he went out about the sixth and ninth hour, and did likewise.
Matthew 20:15	Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with mine own? Is thine eye evil, because I am good?
Matthew 20:25	But Jesus called them unto him, and said, Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them.
Matthew 21:1	And when they drew nigh unto Jerusalem, and were come to Bethphage, unto the mount of Olives, then sent Jesus two disciples,
Matthew 21:11	And the multitude said, This is Jesus the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee.
Matthew 21:21	Jesus answered and said unto them, Verily I say unto you, If ye have faith, and doubt not, ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; it shall be done.
Matthew 21:31	Whether of them twain did the will of his father? They say unto him, The first. Jesus saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That the publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of God before you.
Matthew 21:41	They say unto him, He will miserably destroy those wicked men, and will let out his vineyard unto other husbandmen, which shall render him the fruits in their seasons.
Matthew 22:5	But they made light of it, and went their ways, one to his farm, another to his merchandise:
Matthew 22:15	Then went the Pharisees, and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk.
Matthew 22:25	Now there were with us seven brethren: and the first, when he had married a wife, deceased, and, having no issue, left his wife unto his brother:
Matthew 22:35	Then one of them, which was a lawyer, asked him a question, tempting him, and saying,
Matthew 22:45	If David then call him Lord, how is he his son?
Matthew 23:9	And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven.
Matthew 23:19	Ye fools and blind: for whether is greater, the gift, or the altar that sanctifieth the gift?
Matthew 23:29	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! because ye build the tombs of the prophets, and garnish the sepulchres of the righteous,
Matthew 23:39	For I say unto you, Ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord.
Matthew 24:10	And then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another.
Matthew 24:20	But pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the sabbath day:
Matthew 24:30	And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven: and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn, and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory.
Matthew 24:40	Then shall two be in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left.
Matthew 24:50	The lord of that servant shall come in a day when he looketh not for him, and in an hour that he is not aware of,
Matthew 25:9	But the wise answered, saying, Not so; lest there be not enough for us and you: but go ye rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves.
Matthew 25:19	After a long time the lord of those servants cometh, and reckoneth with them.
Matthew 25:29	For unto every one that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance: but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath.
Matthew 25:39	Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came unto thee?
Matthew 26:3	Then assembled together the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders of the people, unto the palace of the high priest, who was called Caiaphas,
Matthew 26:13	Verily I say unto you, Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached in the whole world, there shall also this, that this woman hath done, be told for a memorial of her.
Matthew 26:23	And he answered and said, He that dippeth his hand with me in the dish, the same shall betray me.
Matthew 26:33	Peter answered and said unto him, Though all men shall be offended because of thee, yet will I never be offended.
Matthew 26:43	And he came and found them asleep again: for their eyes were heavy.
Matthew 26:53	Thinkest thou that I cannot now pray to my Father, and he shall presently give me more than twelve legions of angels?
Matthew 26:63	But Jesus held his peace, And the high priest answered and said unto him, I adjure thee by the living God, that thou tell us whether thou be the Christ, the Son of God.
Matthew 26:73	And after a while came unto him they that stood by, and said to Peter, Surely thou also art one of them; for thy speech bewrayeth thee.
Matthew 27:8	Wherefore that field was called, The field of blood, unto this day.
Matthew 27:18	For he knew that for envy they had delivered him.
Matthew 27:28	And they stripped him, and put on him a scarlet robe.
Matthew 27:38	Then were there two thieves crucified with him, one on the right hand, and another on the left.
Matthew 27:48	And straightway one of them ran, and took a spunge, and filled it with vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink.
Matthew 27:58	He went to Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the body to be delivered.
Matthew 28:2	And, behold, there was a great earthquake: for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat upon it.
Matthew 28:12	And when they were assembled with the elders, and had taken counsel, they gave large money unto the soldiers,
Mark 1:2	As it is written in the prophets, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee.
Mark 1:12	And immediately the spirit driveth him into the wilderness.
Mark 1:22	And they were astonished at his doctrine: for he taught them as one that had authority, and not as the scribes.
Mark 1:32	And at even, when the sun did set, they brought unto him all that were diseased, and them that were possessed with devils.
Mark 1:42	And as soon as he had spoken, immediately the leprosy departed from him, and he was cleansed.
Mark 2:7	Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies? who can forgive sins but God only?
Mark 2:17	When Jesus heard it, he saith unto them, They that are whole have no need of the physician, but they that are sick: I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Mark 2:27	And he said unto them, The sabbath was made for man, and not man for the sabbath:
Mark 3:9	And he spake to his disciples, that a small ship should wait on him because of the multitude, lest they should throng him.
Mark 3:19	And Judas Iscariot, which also betrayed him: and they went into an house.
Mark 3:29	But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation.
Mark 4:4	And it came to pass, as he sowed, some fell by the way side, and the fowls of the air came and devoured it up.
Mark 4:14	The sower soweth the word.
Mark 4:24	And he said unto them, Take heed what ye hear: with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you: and unto you that hear shall more be given.
Mark 4:34	But without a parable spake he not unto them: and when they were alone, he expounded all things to his disciples.
Mark 5:3	Who had his dwelling among the tombs; and no man could bind him, no, not with chains:
Mark 5:13	And forthwith Jesus gave them leave. And the unclean spirits went out, and entered into the swine: and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the sea, (they were about two thousand;) and were choked in the sea.
Mark 5:23	And besought him greatly, saying, My little daughter lieth at the point of death: I pray thee, come and lay thy hands on her, that she may be healed; and she shall live.
Mark 5:33	But the woman fearing and trembling, knowing what was done in her, came and fell down before him, and told him all the truth.
Mark 5:43	And he charged them straitly that no man should know it; and commanded that something should be given her to eat.
Mark 6:10	And he said unto them, In what place soever ye enter into an house, there abide till ye depart from that place.
Mark 6:20	For Herod feared John, knowing that he was a just man and an holy, and observed him; and when he heard him, he did many things, and heard him gladly.
Mark 6:30	And the apostles gathered themselves together unto Jesus, and told him all things, both what they had done, and what they had taught.
Mark 6:40	And they sat down in ranks, by hundreds, and by fifties.
Mark 6:50	For they all saw him, and were troubled. And immediately he talked with them, and saith unto them, Be of good cheer: it is I; be not afraid.
Mark 7:4	And when they come from the market, except they wash, they eat not. And many other things there be, which they have received to hold, as the washing of cups, and pots, brasen vessels, and of tables.
Mark 7:14	And when he had called all the people unto him, he said unto them, Hearken unto me every one of you, and understand:
Mark 7:24	And from thence he arose, and went into the borders of Tyre and Sidon, and entered into an house, and would have no man know it: but he could not be hid.
Mark 7:34	And looking up to heaven, he sighed, and saith unto him, Ephphatha, that is, Be opened.
Mark 8:7	And they had a few small fishes: and he blessed, and commanded to set them also before them.
Mark 8:17	And when Jesus knew it, he saith unto them, Why reason ye, because ye have no bread? perceive ye not yet, neither understand? have ye your heart yet hardened?
Mark 8:27	And Jesus went out, and his disciples, into the towns of Caesarea Philippi: and by the way he asked his disciples, saying unto them, Whom do men say that I am?
Mark 8:37	Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?
Mark 9:9	And as they came down from the mountain, he charged them that they should tell no man what things they had seen, till the Son of man were risen from the dead.
Mark 9:19	He answereth him, and saith, O faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him unto me.
Mark 9:29	And he said unto them, This kind can come forth by nothing, but by prayer and fasting.
Mark 9:39	But Jesus said, Forbid him not: for there is no man which shall do a miracle in my name, that can lightly speak evil of me.
Mark 9:49	For every one shall be salted with fire, and every sacrifice shall be salted with salt.
Mark 10:9	What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.
Mark 10:19	Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Defraud not, Honour thy father and mother.
Mark 10:29	And Jesus answered and said, Verily I say unto you, There is no man that hath left house, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my sake, and the gospel's,
Mark 10:39	And they said unto him, We can. And Jesus said unto them, Ye shall indeed drink of the cup that I drink of; and with the baptism that I am baptized withal shall ye be baptized:
Mark 10:49	And Jesus stood still, and commanded him to be called. And they call the blind man, saying unto him, Be of good comfort, rise; he calleth thee.
Mark 11:7	And they brought the colt to Jesus, and cast their garments on him; and he sat upon him.
Mark 11:17	And he taught, saying unto them, Is it not written, My house shall be called of all nations the house of prayer? but ye have made it a den of thieves.
Mark 11:27	And they come again to Jerusalem: and as he was walking in the temple, there come to him the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders,
Mark 12:4	And again he sent unto them another servant; and at him they cast stones, and wounded him in the head, and sent him away shamefully handled.
Mark 12:14	And when they were come, they say unto him, Master, we know that thou art true, and carest for no man: for thou regardest not the person of men, but teachest the way of God in truth: Is it lawful to give tribute to Caesar, or not?
Mark 12:24	And Jesus answering said unto them, Do ye not therefore err, because ye know not the scriptures, neither the power of God?
Mark 12:34	And when Jesus saw that he answered discreetly, he said unto him, Thou art not far from the kingdom of God. And no man after that durst ask him any question.
Mark 12:44	For all they did cast in of their abundance; but she of her want did cast in all that she had, even all her living.
Mark 13:10	And the gospel must first be published among all nations.
Mark 13:20	And except that the Lord had shortened those days, no flesh should be saved: but for the elect's sake, whom he hath chosen, he hath shortened the days.
Mark 13:30	Verily I say unto you, that this generation shall not pass, till all these things be done.
Mark 14:3	And being in Bethany in the house of Simon the leper, as he sat at meat, there came a woman having an alabaster box of ointment of spikenard very precious; and she brake the box, and poured it on his head.
Mark 14:13	And he sendeth forth two of his disciples, and saith unto them, Go ye into the city, and there shall meet you a man bearing a pitcher of water: follow him.
Mark 14:23	And he took the cup, and when he had given thanks, he gave it to them: and they all drank of it.
Mark 14:33	And he taketh with him Peter and James and John, and began to be sore amazed, and to be very heavy;
Mark 14:43	And immediately, while he yet spake, cometh Judas, one of the twelve, and with him a great multitude with swords and staves, from the chief priests and the scribes and the elders.
Mark 14:53	And they led Jesus away to the high priest: and with him were assembled all the chief priests and the elders and the scribes.
Mark 14:63	Then the high priest rent his clothes, and saith, What need we any further witnesses?
Mark 15:1	And straightway in the morning the chief priests held a consultation with the elders and scribes and the whole council, and bound Jesus, and carried him away, and delivered him to Pilate.
Mark 15:11	But the chief priests moved the people, that he should rather release Barabbas unto them.
Mark 15:21	And they compel one Simon a Cyrenian, who passed by, coming out of the country, the father of Alexander and Rufus, to bear his cross.
Mark 15:31	Likewise also the chief priests mocking said among themselves with the scribes, He saved others; himself he cannot save.
Mark 15:41	(Who also, when he was in Galilee, followed him, and ministered unto him;) and many other women which came up with him unto Jerusalem.
Mark 16:4	And when they looked, they saw that the stone was rolled away: for it was very great.
Mark 16:14	Afterward he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat, and upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen.
Luke 1:4	That thou mightest know the certainty of those things, wherein thou hast been instructed.
Luke 1:14	And thou shalt have joy and gladness; and many shall rejoice at his birth.
Luke 1:24	And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived, and hid herself five months, saying,
Luke 1:34	Then said Mary unto the angel, How shall this be, seeing I know not a man?
Luke 1:44	For, lo, as soon as the voice of thy salutation sounded in mine ears, the babe leaped in my womb for joy.
Luke 1:54	He hath holpen his servant Israel, in remembrance of his mercy;
Luke 1:64	And his mouth was opened immediately, and his tongue loosed, and he spake, and praised God.
Luke 1:74	That he would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear,
Luke 2:4	And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:)
Luke 2:14	Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.
Luke 2:24	And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord, A pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons.
Luke 2:34	And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Mary his mother, Behold, this child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel; and for a sign which shall be spoken against;
Luke 2:44	But they, supposing him to have been in the company, went a day's journey; and they sought him among their kinsfolk and acquaintance.
Luke 3:2	Annas and Caiaphas being the high priests, the word of God came unto John the son of Zacharias in the wilderness.
Luke 3:12	Then came also publicans to be baptized, and said unto him, Master, what shall we do?
Luke 3:22	And the Holy Ghost descended in a bodily shape like a dove upon him, and a voice came from heaven, which said, Thou art my beloved Son; in thee I am well pleased.
Luke 3:32	Which was the son of Jesse, which was the son of Obed, which was the son of Booz, which was the son of Salmon, which was the son of Naasson,
Luke 4:4	And Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, That man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.
Luke 4:14	And Jesus returned in the power of the Spirit into Galilee: and there went out a fame of him through all the region round about.
Luke 4:24	And he said, Verily I say unto you, No prophet is accepted in his own country.
Luke 4:34	Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art; the Holy One of God.
Luke 4:44	And he preached in the synagogues of Galilee.
Luke 5:10	And so was also James, and John, the sons of Zebedee, which were partners with Simon. And Jesus said unto Simon, Fear not; from henceforth thou shalt catch men.
Luke 5:20	And when he saw their faith, he said unto him, Man, thy sins are forgiven thee.
Luke 5:30	But their scribes and Pharisees murmured against his disciples, saying, Why do ye eat and drink with publicans and sinners?
Luke 6:1	And it came to pass on the second sabbath after the first, that he went through the corn fields; and his disciples plucked the ears of corn, and did eat, rubbing them in their hands.
Luke 6:11	And they were filled with madness; and communed one with another what they might do to Jesus.
Luke 6:21	Blessed are ye that hunger now: for ye shall be filled. Blessed are ye that weep now: for ye shall laugh.
Luke 6:31	And as ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise.
Luke 6:41	And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but perceivest not the beam that is in thine own eye?
Luke 7:2	And a certain centurion's servant, who was dear unto him, was sick, and ready to die.
Luke 7:12	Now when he came nigh to the gate of the city, behold, there was a dead man carried out, the only son of his mother, and she was a widow: and much people of the city was with her.
Luke 7:22	Then Jesus answering said unto them, Go your way, and tell John what things ye have seen and heard; how that the blind see, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, to the poor the gospel is preached.
Luke 7:32	They are like unto children sitting in the marketplace, and calling one to another, and saying, We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced; we have mourned to you, and ye have not wept.
Luke 7:42	And when they had nothing to pay, he frankly forgave them both. Tell me therefore, which of them will love him most?
Luke 8:2	And certain women, which had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities, Mary called Magdalene, out of whom went seven devils,
Luke 8:12	Those by the way side are they that hear; then cometh the devil, and taketh away the word out of their hearts, lest they should believe and be saved.
Luke 8:22	Now it came to pass on a certain day, that he went into a ship with his disciples: and he said unto them, Let us go over unto the other side of the lake. And they launched forth.
Luke 8:32	And there was there an herd of many swine feeding on the mountain: and they besought him that he would suffer them to enter into them. And he suffered them.
Luke 8:42	For he had one only daughter, about twelve years of age, and she lay a dying. But as he went the people thronged him.
Luke 8:52	And all wept, and bewailed her: but he said, Weep not; she is not dead, but sleepeth.
Luke 9:6	And they departed, and went through the towns, preaching the gospel, and healing every where.
Luke 9:16	Then he took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed them, and brake, and gave to the disciples to set before the multitude.
Luke 9:26	For whosoever shall be ashamed of me and of my words, of him shall the Son of man be ashamed, when he shall come in his own glory, and in his Father's, and of the holy angels.
Luke 9:36	And when the voice was past, Jesus was found alone. And they kept it close, and told no man in those days any of those things which they had seen.
Luke 9:46	Then there arose a reasoning among them, which of them should be greatest.
Luke 9:56	For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them. And they went to another village.
Luke 10:4	Carry neither purse, nor scrip, nor shoes: and salute no man by the way.
Luke 10:14	But it shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the judgment, than for you.
Luke 10:24	For I tell you, that many prophets and kings have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them.
Luke 10:34	And went to him, and bound up his wounds, pouring in oil and wine, and set him on his own beast, and brought him to an inn, and took care of him.
Luke 11:2	And he said unto them, When ye pray, say, Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, as in heaven, so in earth.
Luke 11:12	Or if he shall ask an egg, will he offer him a scorpion?
Luke 11:22	But when a stronger than he shall come upon him, and overcome him, he taketh from him all his armour wherein he trusted, and divideth his spoils.
Luke 11:32	The men of Nineve shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for they repented at the preaching of Jonas; and, behold, a greater than Jonas is here.
Luke 11:42	But woe unto you, Pharisees! for ye tithe mint and rue and all manner of herbs, and pass over judgment and the love of God: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone.
Luke 11:52	Woe unto you, lawyers! for ye have taken away the key of knowledge: ye entered not in yourselves, and them that were entering in ye hindered.
Luke 12:8	Also I say unto you, Whosoever shall confess me before men, him shall the Son of man also confess before the angels of God:
Luke 12:18	And he said, This will I do: I will pull down my barns, and build greater; and there will I bestow all my fruits and my goods.
Luke 12:28	If then God so clothe the grass, which is to day in the field, and to morrow is cast into the oven; how much more will he clothe you, O ye of little faith?
Luke 12:38	And if he shall come in the second watch, or come in the third watch, and find them so, blessed are those servants.
Luke 12:48	But he that knew not, and did commit things worthy of stripes, shall be beaten with few stripes. For unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall be much required: and to whom men have committed much, of him they will ask the more.
Luke 12:58	When thou goest with thine adversary to the magistrate, as thou art in the way, give diligence that thou mayest be delivered from him; lest he hale thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the officer, and the officer cast thee into prison.
Luke 13:9	And if it bear fruit, well: and if not, then after that thou shalt cut it down.
Luke 13:19	It is like a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and cast into his garden; and it grew, and waxed a great tree; and the fowls of the air lodged in the branches of it.
Luke 13:29	And they shall come from the east, and from the west, and from the north, and from the south, and shall sit down in the kingdom of God.
Luke 14:4	And they held their peace. And he took him, and healed him, and let him go;
Luke 14:14	And thou shalt be blessed; for they cannot recompense thee: for thou shalt be recompensed at the resurrection of the just.
Luke 14:24	For I say unto you, That none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper.
Luke 14:34	Salt is good: but if the salt have lost his savour, wherewith shall it be seasoned?
Luke 15:9	And when she hath found it, she calleth her friends and her neighbours together, saying, Rejoice with me; for I have found the piece which I had lost.
Luke 15:19	And am no more worthy to be called thy son: make me as one of thy hired servants.
Luke 15:29	And he answering said to his father, Lo, these many years do I serve thee, neither transgressed I at any time thy commandment: and yet thou never gavest me a kid, that I might make merry with my friends:
Luke 16:7	Then said he to another, And how much owest thou? And he said, An hundred measures of wheat. And he said unto him, Take thy bill, and write fourscore.
Luke 16:17	And it is easier for heaven and earth to pass, than one tittle of the law to fail.
Luke 16:27	Then he said, I pray thee therefore, father, that thou wouldest send him to my father's house:
Luke 17:6	And the Lord said, If ye had faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye might say unto this sycamine tree, Be thou plucked up by the root, and be thou planted in the sea; and it should obey you.
Luke 17:16	And fell down on his face at his feet, giving him thanks: and he was a Samaritan.
Luke 17:26	And as it was in the days of Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man.
Luke 17:36	Two men shall be in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left.
Luke 18:9	And he spake this parable unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and despised others:
Luke 18:19	And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? none is good, save one, that is, God.
Luke 18:29	And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, There is no man that hath left house, or parents, or brethren, or wife, or children, for the kingdom of God's sake,
Luke 18:39	And they which went before rebuked him, that he should hold his peace: but he cried so much the more, Thou son of David, have mercy on me.
Luke 19:6	And he made haste, and came down, and received him joyfully.
Luke 19:16	Then came the first, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained ten pounds.
Luke 19:26	For I say unto you, That unto every one which hath shall be given; and from him that hath not, even that he hath shall be taken away from him.
Luke 19:36	And as he went, they spread their clothes in the way.
Luke 19:46	Saying unto them, It is written, My house is the house of prayer: but ye have made it a den of thieves.
Luke 20:8	And Jesus said unto them, Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things.
Luke 20:18	Whosoever shall fall upon that stone shall be broken; but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powder.
Luke 20:28	Saying, Master, Moses wrote unto us, If any man's brother die, having a wife, and he die without children, that his brother should take his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.
Luke 20:38	For he is not a God of the dead, but of the living: for all live unto him.
Luke 21:1	And he looked up, and saw the rich men casting their gifts into the treasury.
Luke 21:11	And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven.
Luke 21:21	Then let them which are in Judaea flee to the mountains; and let them which are in the midst of it depart out; and let not them that are in the countries enter thereinto.
Luke 21:31	So likewise ye, when ye see these things come to pass, know ye that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand.
Luke 22:3	Then entered Satan into Judas surnamed Iscariot, being of the number of the twelve.
Luke 22:13	And they went, and found as he had said unto them: and they made ready the passover.
Luke 22:23	And they began to enquire among themselves, which of them it was that should do this thing.
Luke 22:33	And he said unto him, Lord, I am ready to go with thee, both into prison, and to death.
Luke 22:43	And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven, strengthening him.
Luke 22:53	When I was daily with you in the temple, ye stretched forth no hands against me: but this is your hour, and the power of darkness.
Luke 22:63	And the men that held Jesus mocked him, and smote him.
Luke 23:2	And they began to accuse him, saying, We found this fellow perverting the nation, and forbidding to give tribute to Caesar, saying that he himself is Christ a King.
Luke 23:12	And the same day Pilate and Herod were made friends together: for before they were at enmity between themselves.
Luke 23:22	And he said unto them the third time, Why, what evil hath he done? I have found no cause of death in him: I will therefore chastise him, and let him go.
Luke 23:32	And there were also two other, malefactors, led with him to be put to death.
Luke 23:42	And he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom.
Luke 23:52	This man went unto Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus.
Luke 24:6	He is not here, but is risen: remember how he spake unto you when he was yet in Galilee,
Luke 24:16	But their eyes were holden that they should not know him.
Luke 24:26	Ought not Christ to have suffered these things, and to enter into his glory?
Luke 24:36	And as they thus spake, Jesus himself stood in the midst of them, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you.
Luke 24:46	And said unto them, Thus it is written, and thus it behoved Christ to suffer, and to rise from the dead the third day:
John 1:3	All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.
John 1:13	Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.
John 1:23	He said, I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, Make straight the way of the Lord, as said the prophet Esaias.
John 1:33	And I knew him not: but he that sent me to baptize with water, the same said unto me, Upon whom thou shalt see the Spirit descending, and remaining on him, the same is he which baptizeth with the Holy Ghost.
John 1:43	The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee, and findeth Philip, and saith unto him, Follow me.
John 2:2	And both Jesus was called, and his disciples, to the marriage.
John 2:12	After this he went down to Capernaum, he, and his mother, and his brethren, and his disciples: and they continued there not many days.
John 2:22	When therefore he was risen from the dead, his disciples remembered that he had said this unto them; and they believed the scripture, and the word which Jesus had said.
John 3:7	Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again.
John 3:17	For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.
John 3:27	John answered and said, A man can receive nothing, except it be given him from heaven.
John 4:1	When therefore the LORD knew how the Pharisees had heard that Jesus made and baptized more disciples than John,
John 4:11	The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water?
John 4:21	Jesus saith unto her, Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father.
John 4:31	In the mean while his disciples prayed him, saying, Master, eat.
John 4:41	And many more believed because of his own word;
John 4:51	And as he was now going down, his servants met him, and told him, saying, Thy son liveth.
John 5:7	The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me.
John 5:17	But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.
John 5:27	And hath given him authority to execute judgment also, because he is the Son of man.
John 5:37	And the Father himself, which hath sent me, hath borne witness of me. Ye have neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape.
John 5:47	But if ye believe not his writings, how shall ye believe my words?
John 6:10	And Jesus said, Make the men sit down. Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, in number about five thousand.
John 6:20	But he saith unto them, It is I; be not afraid.
John 6:30	They said therefore unto him, What sign shewest thou then, that we may see, and believe thee? what dost thou work?
John 6:40	And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day.
John 6:50	This is the bread which cometh down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof, and not die.
John 6:60	Many therefore of his disciples, when they had heard this, said, This is an hard saying; who can hear it?
John 6:70	Jesus answered them, Have not I chosen you twelve, and one of you is a devil?
John 7:9	When he had said these words unto them, he abode still in Galilee.
John 7:19	Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law? Why go ye about to kill me?
John 7:29	But I know him: for I am from him, and he hath sent me.
John 7:39	(But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should receive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet glorified.)
John 7:49	But this people who knoweth not the law are cursed.
John 8:6	This they said, tempting him, that they might have to accuse him. But Jesus stooped down, and with his finger wrote on the ground, as though he heard them not.
John 8:16	And yet if I judge, my judgment is true: for I am not alone, but I and the Father that sent me.
John 8:26	I have many things to say and to judge of you: but he that sent me is true; and I speak to the world those things which I have heard of him.
John 8:36	If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed.
John 8:46	Which of you convinceth me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do ye not believe me?
John 8:56	Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day: and he saw it, and was glad.
John 9:7	And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (which is by interpretation, Sent.) He went his way therefore, and washed, and came seeing.
John 9:17	They say unto the blind man again, What sayest thou of him, that he hath opened thine eyes? He said, He is a prophet.
John 9:27	He answered them, I have told you already, and ye did not hear: wherefore would ye hear it again? will ye also be his disciples?
John 9:37	And Jesus said unto him, Thou hast both seen him, and it is he that talketh with thee.
John 10:6	This parable spake Jesus unto them: but they understood not what things they were which he spake unto them.
John 10:16	And other sheep I have, which are not of this fold: them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice; and there shall be one fold, and one shepherd.
John 10:26	But ye believe not, because ye are not of my sheep, as I said unto you.
John 10:36	Say ye of him, whom the Father hath sanctified, and sent into the world, Thou blasphemest; because I said, I am the Son of God?
John 11:4	When Jesus heard that, he said, This sickness is not unto death, but for the glory of God, that the Son of God might be glorified thereby.
John 11:14	Then said Jesus unto them plainly, Lazarus is dead.
John 11:24	Martha saith unto him, I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day.
John 11:34	And said, Where have ye laid him? They said unto him, Lord, come and see.
John 11:44	And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go.
John 11:54	Jesus therefore walked no more openly among the Jews; but went thence unto a country near to the wilderness, into a city called Ephraim, and there continued with his disciples.
John 12:7	Then said Jesus, Let her alone: against the day of my burying hath she kept this.
John 12:17	The people therefore that was with him when he called Lazarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead, bare record.
John 12:27	Now is my soul troubled; and what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour: but for this cause came I unto this hour.
John 12:37	But though he had done so many miracles before them, yet they believed not on him:
John 12:47	And if any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world.
John 13:7	Jesus answered and said unto him, What I do thou knowest not now; but thou shalt know hereafter.
John 13:17	If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them.
John 13:27	And after the sop Satan entered into him. Then said Jesus unto him, That thou doest, do quickly.
John 13:37	Peter said unto him, Lord, why cannot I follow thee now? I will lay down my life for thy sake.
John 14:9	Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Shew us the Father?
John 14:19	Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more; but ye see me: because I live, ye shall live also.
John 14:29	And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe.
John 15:8	Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples.
John 15:18	If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you.
John 16:1	These things have I spoken unto you, that ye should not be offended.
John 16:11	Of judgment, because the prince of this world is judged.
John 16:21	A woman when she is in travail hath sorrow, because her hour is come: but as soon as she is delivered of the child, she remembereth no more the anguish, for joy that a man is born into the world.
John 16:31	Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe?
John 17:8	For I have given unto them the words which thou gavest me; and they have received them, and have known surely that I came out from thee, and they have believed that thou didst send me.
John 17:18	As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world.
John 18:2	And Judas also, which betrayed him, knew the place: for Jesus ofttimes resorted thither with his disciples.
John 18:12	Then the band and the captain and officers of the Jews took Jesus, and bound him,
John 18:22	And when he had thus spoken, one of the officers which stood by struck Jesus with the palm of his hand, saying, Answerest thou the high priest so?
John 18:32	That the saying of Jesus might be fulfilled, which he spake, signifying what death he should die.
John 19:2	And the soldiers platted a crown of thorns, and put it on his head, and they put on him a purple robe,
John 19:12	And from thenceforth Pilate sought to release him: but the Jews cried out, saying, If thou let this man go, thou art not Caesar's friend: whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar.
John 19:22	Pilate answered, What I have written I have written.
John 19:32	Then came the soldiers, and brake the legs of the first, and of the other which was crucified with him.
John 19:42	There laid they Jesus therefore because of the Jews' preparation day; for the sepulchre was nigh at hand.
John 20:10	Then the disciples went away again unto their own home.
John 20:20	And when he had so said, he shewed unto them his hands and his side. Then were the disciples glad, when they saw the LORD.
John 20:30	And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence of his disciples, which are not written in this book:
John 21:9	As soon then as they were come to land, they saw a fire of coals there, and fish laid thereon, and bread.
John 21:19	This spake he, signifying by what death he should glorify God. And when he had spoken this, he saith unto him, Follow me.
Acts 1:4	And, being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which, saith he, ye have heard of me.
Acts 1:14	These all continued with one accord in prayer and supplication, with the women, and Mary the mother of Jesus, and with his brethren.
Acts 1:24	And they prayed, and said, Thou, Lord, which knowest the hearts of all men, shew whether of these two thou hast chosen,
Acts 2:8	And how hear we every man in our own tongue, wherein we were born?
Acts 2:18	And on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour out in those days of my Spirit; and they shall prophesy:
Acts 2:28	Thou hast made known to me the ways of life; thou shalt make me full of joy with thy countenance.
Acts 2:38	Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.
Acts 3:1	Now Peter and John went up together into the temple at the hour of prayer, being the ninth hour.
Acts 3:11	And as the lame man which was healed held Peter and John, all the people ran together unto them in the porch that is called Solomon's, greatly wondering.
Acts 3:21	Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began.
Acts 4:5	And it came to pass on the morrow, that their rulers, and elders, and scribes,
Acts 4:15	But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council, they conferred among themselves,
Acts 4:25	Who by the mouth of thy servant David hast said, Why did the heathen rage, and the people imagine vain things?
Acts 4:35	And laid them down at the apostles' feet: and distribution was made unto every man according as he had need.
Acts 5:8	And Peter answered unto her, Tell me whether ye sold the land for so much? And she said, Yea, for so much.
Acts 5:18	And laid their hands on the apostles, and put them in the common prison.
Acts 5:28	Saying, Did not we straitly command you that ye should not teach in this name? and, behold, ye have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, and intend to bring this man's blood upon us.
Acts 5:38	And now I say unto you, Refrain from these men, and let them alone: for if this counsel or this work be of men, it will come to nought:
Acts 6:6	Whom they set before the apostles: and when they had prayed, they laid their hands on them.
Acts 7:1	Then said the high priest, Are these things so?
Acts 7:11	Now there came a dearth over all the land of Egypt and Chanaan, and great affliction: and our fathers found no sustenance.
Acts 7:21	And when he was cast out, Pharaoh's daughter took him up, and nourished him for her own son.
Acts 7:31	When Moses saw it, he wondered at the sight: and as he drew near to behold it, the voice of the LORD came unto him,
Acts 7:41	And they made a calf in those days, and offered sacrifice unto the idol, and rejoiced in the works of their own hands.
Acts 7:51	Ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, ye do always resist the Holy Ghost: as your fathers did, so do ye.
Acts 8:1	And Saul was consenting unto his death. And at that time there was a great persecution against the church which was at Jerusalem; and they were all scattered abroad throughout the regions of Judaea and Samaria, except the apostles.
Acts 8:11	And to him they had regard, because that of long time he had bewitched them with sorceries.
Acts 8:21	Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter: for thy heart is not right in the sight of God.
Acts 8:31	And he said, How can I, except some man should guide me? And he desired Philip that he would come up and sit with him.
Acts 9:1	And Saul, yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord, went unto the high priest,
Acts 9:11	And the Lord said unto him, Arise, and go into the street which is called Straight, and enquire in the house of Judas for one called Saul, of Tarsus: for, behold, he prayeth,
Acts 9:21	But all that heard him were amazed, and said; Is not this he that destroyed them which called on this name in Jerusalem, and came hither for that intent, that he might bring them bound unto the chief priests?
Acts 9:31	Then had the churches rest throughout all Judaea and Galilee and Samaria, and were edified; and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied.
Acts 9:41	And he gave her his hand, and lifted her up, and when he had called the saints and widows, presented her alive.
Acts 10:8	And when he had declared all these things unto them, he sent them to Joppa.
Acts 10:18	And called, and asked whether Simon, which was surnamed Peter, were lodged there.
Acts 10:28	And he said unto them, Ye know how that it is an unlawful thing for a man that is a Jew to keep company, or come unto one of another nation; but God hath shewed me that I should not call any man common or unclean.
Acts 10:38	How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power: who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil; for God was with him.
Acts 10:48	And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord. Then prayed they him to tarry certain days.
Acts 11:10	And this was done three times: and all were drawn up again into heaven.
Acts 11:20	And some of them were men of Cyprus and Cyrene, which, when they were come to Antioch, spake unto the Grecians, preaching the LORD Jesus.
Acts 11:30	Which also they did, and sent it to the elders by the hands of Barnabas and Saul.
Acts 12:10	When they were past the first and the second ward, they came unto the iron gate that leadeth unto the city; which opened to them of his own accord: and they went out, and passed on through one street; and forthwith the angel departed from him.
Acts 12:20	And Herod was highly displeased with them of Tyre and Sidon: but they came with one accord to him, and, having made Blastus the king's chamberlain their friend, desired peace; because their country was nourished by the king's country.
Acts 13:5	And when they were at Salamis, they preached the word of God in the synagogues of the Jews: and they had also John to their minister.
Acts 13:15	And after the reading of the law and the prophets the rulers of the synagogue sent unto them, saying, Ye men and brethren, if ye have any word of exhortation for the people, say on.
Acts 13:25	And as John fulfilled his course, he said, Whom think ye that I am? I am not he. But, behold, there cometh one after me, whose shoes of his feet I am not worthy to loose.
Acts 13:35	Wherefore he saith also in another psalm, Thou shalt not suffer thine Holy One to see corruption.
Acts 13:45	But when the Jews saw the multitudes, they were filled with envy, and spake against those things which were spoken by Paul, contradicting and blaspheming.
Acts 14:3	Long time therefore abode they speaking boldly in the Lord, which gave testimony unto the word of his grace, and granted signs and wonders to be done by their hands.
Acts 14:13	Then the priest of Jupiter, which was before their city, brought oxen and garlands unto the gates, and would have done sacrifice with the people.
Acts 14:23	And when they had ordained them elders in every church, and had prayed with fasting, they commended them to the Lord, on whom they believed.
Acts 15:5	But there rose up certain of the sect of the Pharisees which believed, saying, That it was needful to circumcise them, and to command them to keep the law of Moses.
Acts 15:15	And to this agree the words of the prophets; as it is written,
Acts 15:25	It seemed good unto us, being assembled with one accord, to send chosen men unto you with our beloved Barnabas and Paul,
Acts 15:35	Paul also and Barnabas continued in Antioch, teaching and preaching the word of the Lord, with many others also.
Acts 16:4	And as they went through the cities, they delivered them the decrees for to keep, that were ordained of the apostles and elders which were at Jerusalem.
Acts 16:14	And a certain woman named Lydia, a seller of purple, of the city of Thyatira, which worshipped God, heard us: whose heart the Lord opened, that she attended unto the things which were spoken of Paul.
Acts 16:24	Who, having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feet fast in the stocks.
Acts 16:34	And when he had brought them into his house, he set meat before them, and rejoiced, believing in God with all his house.
Acts 17:4	And some of them believed, and consorted with Paul and Silas; and of the devout Greeks a great multitude, and of the chief women not a few.
Acts 17:14	And then immediately the brethren sent away Paul to go as it were to the sea: but Silas and Timotheus abode there still.
Acts 17:24	God that made the world and all things therein, seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in temples made with hands;
Acts 17:34	Howbeit certain men clave unto him, and believed: among the which was Dionysius the Areopagite, and a woman named Damaris, and others with them.
Acts 18:10	For I am with thee, and no man shall set on thee to hurt thee: for I have much people in this city.
Acts 18:20	When they desired him to tarry longer time with them, he consented not;
Acts 19:2	He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.
Acts 19:12	So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.
Acts 19:22	So he sent into Macedonia two of them that ministered unto him, Timotheus and Erastus; but he himself stayed in Asia for a season.
Acts 19:32	Some therefore cried one thing, and some another: for the assembly was confused: and the more part knew not wherefore they were come together.
Acts 20:1	And after the uproar was ceased, Paul called unto him the disciples, and embraced them, and departed for to go into Macedonia.
Acts 20:11	When he therefore was come up again, and had broken bread, and eaten, and talked a long while, even till break of day, so he departed.
Acts 20:21	Testifying both to the Jews, and also to the Greeks, repentance toward God, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ.
Acts 20:31	Therefore watch, and remember, that by the space of three years I ceased not to warn every one night and day with tears.
Acts 21:3	Now when we had discovered Cyprus, we left it on the left hand, and sailed into Syria, and landed at Tyre: for there the ship was to unlade her burden.
Acts 21:13	Then Paul answered, What mean ye to weep and to break mine heart? for I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die at Jerusalem for the name of the Lord Jesus.
Acts 21:23	Do therefore this that we say to thee: We have four men which have a vow on them;
Acts 21:33	Then the chief captain came near, and took him, and commanded him to be bound with two chains; and demanded who he was, and what he had done.
Acts 22:3	I am verily a man which am a Jew, born in Tarsus, a city in Cilicia, yet brought up in this city at the feet of Gamaliel, and taught according to the perfect manner of the law of the fathers, and was zealous toward God, as ye all are this day.
Acts 22:13	Came unto me, and stood, and said unto me, Brother Saul, receive thy sight. And the same hour I looked up upon him.
Acts 22:23	And as they cried out, and cast off their clothes, and threw dust into the air,
Acts 23:3	Then said Paul unto him, God shall smite thee, thou whited wall: for sittest thou to judge me after the law, and commandest me to be smitten contrary to the law?
Acts 23:13	And they were more than forty which had made this conspiracy.
Acts 23:23	And he called unto him two centurions, saying, Make ready two hundred soldiers to go to Caesarea, and horsemen threescore and ten, and spearmen two hundred, at the third hour of the night;
Acts 23:33	Who, when they came to Caesarea and delivered the epistle to the governor, presented Paul also before him.
Acts 24:8	Commanding his accusers to come unto thee: by examining of whom thyself mayest take knowledge of all these things, whereof we accuse him.
Acts 24:18	Whereupon certain Jews from Asia found me purified in the temple, neither with multitude, nor with tumult.
Acts 25:1	Now when Festus was come into the province, after three days he ascended from Caesarea to Jerusalem.
Acts 25:11	For if I be an offender, or have committed any thing worthy of death, I refuse not to die: but if there be none of these things whereof these accuse me, no man may deliver me unto them. I appeal unto Caesar.
Acts 25:21	But when Paul had appealed to be reserved unto the hearing of Augustus, I commanded him to be kept till I might send him to Caesar.
Acts 26:4	My manner of life from my youth, which was at the first among mine own nation at Jerusalem, know all the Jews;
Acts 26:14	And when we were all fallen to the earth, I heard a voice speaking unto me, and saying in the Hebrew tongue, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks.
Acts 26:24	And as he thus spake for himself, Festus said with a loud voice, Paul, thou art beside thyself; much learning doth make thee mad.
Acts 27:2	And entering into a ship of Adramyttium, we launched, meaning to sail by the coasts of Asia; one Aristarchus, a Macedonian of Thessalonica, being with us.
Acts 27:12	And because the haven was not commodious to winter in, the more part advised to depart thence also, if by any means they might attain to Phenice, and there to winter; which is an haven of Crete, and lieth toward the south west and north west.
Acts 27:22	And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the ship.
Acts 27:32	Then the soldiers cut off the ropes of the boat, and let her fall off.
Acts 27:42	And the soldiers' counsel was to kill the prisoners, lest any of them should swim out, and escape.
Acts 28:8	And it came to pass, that the father of Publius lay sick of a fever and of a bloody flux: to whom Paul entered in, and prayed, and laid his hands on him, and healed him.
Acts 28:18	Who, when they had examined me, would have let me go, because there was no cause of death in me.
Acts 28:28	Be it known therefore unto you, that the salvation of God is sent unto the Gentiles, and that they will hear it.
Romans 1:7	To all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Romans 1:17	For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith.
Romans 1:27	And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet.
Romans 2:5	But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up unto thyself wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God;
Romans 2:15	Which shew the work of the law written in their hearts, their conscience also bearing witness, and their thoughts the mean while accusing or else excusing one another;)
Romans 2:25	For circumcision verily profiteth, if thou keep the law: but if thou be a breaker of the law, thy circumcision is made uncircumcision.
Romans 3:6	God forbid: for then how shall God judge the world?
Romans 3:16	Destruction and misery are in their ways:
Romans 3:26	To declare, I say, at this time his righteousness: that he might be just, and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus.
Romans 4:5	But to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness.
Romans 4:15	Because the law worketh wrath: for where no law is, there is no transgression.
Romans 4:25	Who was delivered for our offences, and was raised again for our justification.
Romans 5:10	For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life.
Romans 5:20	Moreover the law entered, that the offence might abound. But where sin abounded, grace did much more abound:
Romans 6:9	Knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more; death hath no more dominion over him.
Romans 6:19	I speak after the manner of men because of the infirmity of your flesh: for as ye have yielded your members servants to uncleanness and to iniquity unto iniquity; even so now yield your members servants to righteousness unto holiness.
Romans 7:6	But now we are delivered from the law, that being dead wherein we were held; that we should serve in newness of spirit, and not in the oldness of the letter.
Romans 7:16	If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law that it is good.
Romans 8:1	There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.
Romans 8:11	But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you.
Romans 8:21	Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God.
Romans 8:31	What shall we then say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us?
Romans 9:2	That I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart.
Romans 9:12	It was said unto her, The elder shall serve the younger.
Romans 9:22	What if God, willing to shew his wrath, and to make his power known, endured with much longsuffering the vessels of wrath fitted to destruction:
Romans 9:32	Wherefore? Because they sought it not by faith, but as it were by the works of the law. For they stumbled at that stumblingstone;
Romans 10:9	That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.
Romans 10:19	But I say, Did not Israel know? First Moses saith, I will provoke you to jealousy by them that are no people, and by a foolish nation I will anger you.
Romans 11:8	(According as it is written, God hath given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear;) unto this day.
Romans 11:18	Boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the root thee.
Romans 11:28	As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes: but as touching the election, they are beloved for the father's sakes.
Romans 12:2	And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.
Romans 12:12	Rejoicing in hope; patient in tribulation; continuing instant in prayer;
Romans 13:1	Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.
Romans 13:11	And that, knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of sleep: for now is our salvation nearer than when we believed.
Romans 14:7	For none of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself.
Romans 14:17	For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.
Romans 15:4	For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope.
Romans 15:14	And I myself also am persuaded of you, my brethren, that ye also are full of goodness, filled with all knowledge, able also to admonish one another.
Romans 15:24	Whensoever I take my journey into Spain, I will come to you: for I trust to see you in my journey, and to be brought on my way thitherward by you, if first I be somewhat filled with your company.
Romans 16:1	I commend unto you Phebe our sister, which is a servant of the church which is at Cenchrea:
Romans 16:11	Salute Herodion my kinsman. Greet them that be of the household of Narcissus, which are in the Lord.
Romans 16:21	Timotheus my workfellow, and Lucius, and Jason, and Sosipater, my kinsmen, salute you.
1 Corinthians 1:4	I thank my God always on your behalf, for the grace of God which is given you by Jesus Christ;
1 Corinthians 1:14	I thank God that I baptized none of you, but Crispus and Gaius;
1 Corinthians 1:24	But unto them which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God.
1 Corinthians 2:3	And I was with you in weakness, and in fear, and in much trembling.
1 Corinthians 2:13	Which things also we speak, not in the words which man's wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiritual things with spiritual.
1 Corinthians 3:7	So then neither is he that planteth any thing, neither he that watereth; but God that giveth the increase.
1 Corinthians 3:17	If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are.
1 Corinthians 4:4	For I know nothing by myself; yet am I not hereby justified: but he that judgeth me is the Lord.
1 Corinthians 4:14	I write not these things to shame you, but as my beloved sons I warn you.
1 Corinthians 5:3	For I verily, as absent in body, but present in spirit, have judged already, as though I were present, concerning him that hath so done this deed,
1 Corinthians 5:13	But them that are without God judgeth. Therefore put away from among yourselves that wicked person.
1 Corinthians 6:10	Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.
1 Corinthians 6:20	For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's.
1 Corinthians 7:10	And unto the married I command, yet not I, but the Lord, Let not the wife depart from her husband:
1 Corinthians 7:20	Let every man abide in the same calling wherein he was called.
1 Corinthians 7:30	And they that weep, as though they wept not; and they that rejoice, as though they rejoiced not; and they that buy, as though they possessed not;
1 Corinthians 7:40	But she is happier if she so abide, after my judgment: and I think also that I have the Spirit of God.
1 Corinthians 8:10	For if any man see thee which hast knowledge sit at meat in the idol's temple, shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols;
1 Corinthians 9:7	Who goeth a warfare any time at his own charges? who planteth a vineyard, and eateth not of the fruit thereof? or who feedeth a flock, and eateth not of the milk of the flock?
1 Corinthians 9:17	For if I do this thing willingly, I have a reward: but if against my will, a dispensation of the gospel is committed unto me.
1 Corinthians 9:27	But I keep under my body, and bring it into subjection: lest that by any means, when I have preached to others, I myself should be a castaway.
1 Corinthians 10:10	Neither murmur ye, as some of them also murmured, and were destroyed of the destroyer.
1 Corinthians 10:20	But I say, that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils, and not to God: and I would not that ye should have fellowship with devils.
1 Corinthians 10:30	For if I by grace be a partaker, why am I evil spoken of for that for which I give thanks?
1 Corinthians 11:7	For a man indeed ought not to cover his head, forasmuch as he is the image and glory of God: but the woman is the glory of the man.
1 Corinthians 11:17	Now in this that I declare unto you I praise you not, that ye come together not for the better, but for the worse.
1 Corinthians 11:27	Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread, and drink this cup of the Lord, unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord.
1 Corinthians 12:3	Wherefore I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit of God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost.
1 Corinthians 12:13	For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.
1 Corinthians 12:23	And those members of the body, which we think to be less honourable, upon these we bestow more abundant honour; and our uncomely parts have more abundant comeliness.
1 Corinthians 13:2	And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing.
1 Corinthians 13:12	For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known.
1 Corinthians 14:9	So likewise ye, except ye utter by the tongue words easy to be understood, how shall it be known what is spoken? for ye shall speak into the air.
1 Corinthians 14:19	Yet in the church I had rather speak five words with my understanding, that by my voice I might teach others also, than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue.
1 Corinthians 14:29	Let the prophets speak two or three, and let the other judge.
1 Corinthians 14:39	Wherefore, brethren, covet to prophesy, and forbid not to speak with tongues.
1 Corinthians 15:9	For I am the least of the apostles, that am not meet to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the church of God.
1 Corinthians 15:19	If in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men most miserable.
1 Corinthians 15:29	Else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead, if the dead rise not at all? why are they then baptized for the dead?
1 Corinthians 15:39	All flesh is not the same flesh: but there is one kind of flesh of men, another flesh of beasts, another of fishes, and another of birds.
1 Corinthians 15:49	And as we have borne the image of the earthy, we shall also bear the image of the heavenly.
1 Corinthians 16:1	Now concerning the collection for the saints, as I have given order to the churches of Galatia, even so do ye.
1 Corinthians 16:11	Let no man therefore despise him: but conduct him forth in peace, that he may come unto me: for I look for him with the brethren.
1 Corinthians 16:21	The salutation of me Paul with mine own hand.
2 Corinthians 1:7	And our hope of you is stedfast, knowing, that as ye are partakers of the sufferings, so shall ye be also of the consolation.
2 Corinthians 1:17	When I therefore was thus minded, did I use lightness? or the things that I purpose, do I purpose according to the flesh, that with me there should be yea yea, and nay nay?
2 Corinthians 2:3	And I wrote this same unto you, lest, when I came, I should have sorrow from them of whom I ought to rejoice; having confidence in you all, that my joy is the joy of you all.
2 Corinthians 2:13	I had no rest in my spirit, because I found not Titus my brother: but taking my leave of them, I went from thence into Macedonia.
2 Corinthians 3:6	Who also hath made us able ministers of the new testament; not of the letter, but of the spirit: for the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life.
2 Corinthians 3:16	Nevertheless when it shall turn to the Lord, the vail shall be taken away.
2 Corinthians 4:8	We are troubled on every side, yet not distressed; we are perplexed, but not in despair;
2 Corinthians 4:18	While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen: for the things which are seen are temporal; but the things which are not seen are eternal.
2 Corinthians 5:10	For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ; that every one may receive the things done in his body, according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad.
2 Corinthians 5:20	Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God.
2 Corinthians 6:9	As unknown, and yet well known; as dying, and, behold, we live; as chastened, and not killed;
2 Corinthians 7:1	Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God.
2 Corinthians 7:11	For behold this selfsame thing, that ye sorrowed after a godly sort, what carefulness it wrought in you, yea, what clearing of yourselves, yea, what indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement desire, yea, what zeal, yea, what revenge! In all things ye have approved yourselves to be clear in this matter.
2 Corinthians 8:5	And this they did, not as we hoped, but first gave their own selves to the Lord, and unto us by the will of God.
2 Corinthians 8:15	As it is written, He that had gathered much had nothing over; and he that had gathered little had no lack.
2 Corinthians 9:1	For as touching the ministering to the saints, it is superfluous for me to write to you:
2 Corinthians 9:11	Being enriched in every thing to all bountifulness, which causeth through us thanksgiving to God.
2 Corinthians 10:6	And having in a readiness to revenge all disobedience, when your obedience is fulfilled.
2 Corinthians 10:16	To preach the gospel in the regions beyond you, and not to boast in another man's line of things made ready to our hand.
2 Corinthians 11:8	I robbed other churches, taking wages of them, to do you service.
2 Corinthians 11:18	Seeing that many glory after the flesh, I will glory also.
2 Corinthians 11:28	Beside those things that are without, that which cometh upon me daily, the care of all the churches.
2 Corinthians 12:5	Of such an one will I glory: yet of myself I will not glory, but in mine infirmities.
2 Corinthians 12:15	And I will very gladly spend and be spent for you; though the more abundantly I love you, the less I be loved.
2 Corinthians 13:4	For though he was crucified through weakness, yet he liveth by the power of God. For we also are weak in him, but we shall live with him by the power of God toward you.
2 Corinthians 13:14	The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.
Galatians 1:10	For do I now persuade men, or God? or do I seek to please men? for if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ.
Galatians 1:20	Now the things which I write unto you, behold, before God, I lie not.
Galatians 2:6	But of these who seemed to be somewhat, (whatsoever they were, it maketh no matter to me: God accepteth no man's person:) for they who seemed to be somewhat in conference added nothing to me:
Galatians 2:16	Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified.
Galatians 3:5	He therefore that ministereth to you the Spirit, and worketh miracles among you, doeth he it by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith?
Galatians 3:15	Brethren, I speak after the manner of men; Though it be but a man's covenant, yet if it be confirmed, no man disannulleth, or addeth thereto.
Galatians 3:25	But after that faith is come, we are no longer under a schoolmaster.
Galatians 4:6	And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of his Son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father.
Galatians 4:16	Am I therefore become your enemy, because I tell you the truth?
Galatians 4:26	But Jerusalem which is above is free, which is the mother of us all.
Galatians 5:5	For we through the Spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith.
Galatians 5:15	But if ye bite and devour one another, take heed that ye be not consumed one of another.
Galatians 5:25	If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.
Galatians 6:9	And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.
Ephesians 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, to the saints which are at Ephesus, and to the faithful in Christ Jesus:
Ephesians 1:11	In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the counsel of his own will:
Ephesians 1:21	Far above all principality, and power, and might, and dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come:
Ephesians 2:8	For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:
Ephesians 2:18	For through him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father.
Ephesians 3:6	That the Gentiles should be fellowheirs, and of the same body, and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel:
Ephesians 3:16	That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man;
Ephesians 4:5	One Lord, one faith, one baptism,
Ephesians 4:15	But speaking the truth in love, may grow up into him in all things, which is the head, even Christ:
Ephesians 4:25	Wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbour: for we are members one of another.
Ephesians 5:3	But fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it not be once named among you, as becometh saints;
Ephesians 5:13	But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light: for whatsoever doth make manifest is light.
Ephesians 5:23	For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church: and he is the saviour of the body.
Ephesians 5:33	Nevertheless let every one of you in particular so love his wife even as himself; and the wife see that she reverence her husband.
Ephesians 6:10	Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might.
Ephesians 6:20	For which I am an ambassador in bonds: that therein I may speak boldly, as I ought to speak.
Philippians 1:6	Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ:
Philippians 1:16	The one preach Christ of contention, not sincerely, supposing to add affliction to my bonds:
Philippians 1:26	That your rejoicing may be more abundant in Jesus Christ for me by my coming to you again.
Philippians 2:6	Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God:
Philippians 2:16	Holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain.
Philippians 2:26	For he longed after you all, and was full of heaviness, because that ye had heard that he had been sick.
Philippians 3:6	Concerning zeal, persecuting the church; touching the righteousness which is in the law, blameless.
Philippians 3:16	Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing.
Philippians 4:5	Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand.
Philippians 4:15	Now ye Philippians know also, that in the beginning of the gospel, when I departed from Macedonia, no church communicated with me as concerning giving and receiving, but ye only.
Colossians 1:2	To the saints and faithful brethren in Christ which are at Colosse: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Colossians 1:12	Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light:
Colossians 1:22	In the body of his flesh through death, to present you holy and unblameable and unreproveable in his sight:
Colossians 2:3	In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge.
Colossians 2:13	And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses;
Colossians 2:23	Which things have indeed a shew of wisdom in will worship, and humility, and neglecting of the body: not in any honour to the satisfying of the flesh.
Colossians 3:10	And have put on the new man, which is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him:
Colossians 3:20	Children, obey your parents in all things: for this is well pleasing unto the Lord.
Colossians 4:5	Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time.
Colossians 4:15	Salute the brethren which are in Laodicea, and Nymphas, and the church which is in his house.
1 Thessalonians 1:7	So that ye were ensamples to all that believe in Macedonia and Achaia.
1 Thessalonians 2:7	But we were gentle among you, even as a nurse cherisheth her children:
1 Thessalonians 2:17	But we, brethren, being taken from you for a short time in presence, not in heart, endeavoured the more abundantly to see your face with great desire.
1 Thessalonians 3:7	Therefore, brethren, we were comforted over you in all our affliction and distress by your faith:
1 Thessalonians 4:4	That every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honour;
1 Thessalonians 4:14	For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him.
1 Thessalonians 5:6	Therefore let us not sleep, as do others; but let us watch and be sober.
1 Thessalonians 5:16	Rejoice evermore.
1 Thessalonians 5:26	Greet all the brethren with an holy kiss.
2 Thessalonians 1:8	In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ:
2 Thessalonians 2:6	And now ye know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time.
2 Thessalonians 2:16	Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God, even our Father, which hath loved us, and hath given us everlasting consolation and good hope through grace,
2 Thessalonians 3:9	Not because we have not power, but to make ourselves an ensample unto you to follow us.
1 Timothy 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the commandment of God our Saviour, and Lord Jesus Christ, which is our hope;
1 Timothy 1:11	According to the glorious gospel of the blessed God, which was committed to my trust.
1 Timothy 2:1	I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men;
1 Timothy 2:11	Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection.
1 Timothy 3:6	Not a novice, lest being lifted up with pride he fall into the condemnation of the devil.
1 Timothy 3:16	And without controversy great is the mystery of godliness: God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the Spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up into glory.
1 Timothy 4:10	For therefore we both labour and suffer reproach, because we trust in the living God, who is the Saviour of all men, specially of those that believe.
1 Timothy 5:4	But if any widow have children or nephews, let them learn first to shew piety at home, and to requite their parents: for that is good and acceptable before God.
1 Timothy 5:14	I will therefore that the younger women marry, bear children, guide the house, give none occasion to the adversary to speak reproachfully.
1 Timothy 5:24	Some men's sins are open beforehand, going before to judgment; and some men they follow after.
1 Timothy 6:9	But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition.
1 Timothy 6:19	Laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.
2 Timothy 1:8	Be not thou therefore ashamed of the testimony of our Lord, nor of me his prisoner: but be thou partaker of the afflictions of the gospel according to the power of God;
2 Timothy 1:18	The Lord grant unto him that he may find mercy of the Lord in that day: and in how many things he ministered unto me at Ephesus, thou knowest very well.
2 Timothy 2:10	Therefore I endure all things for the elect's sakes, that they may also obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory.
2 Timothy 2:20	But in a great house there are not only vessels of gold and of silver, but also of wood and of earth; and some to honour, and some to dishonour.
2 Timothy 3:4	Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;
2 Timothy 3:14	But continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast been assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them;
2 Timothy 4:7	I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith:
2 Timothy 4:17	Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me, and strengthened me; that by me the preaching might be fully known, and that all the Gentiles might hear: and I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion.
Titus 1:5	For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as I had appointed thee:
Titus 1:15	Unto the pure all things are pure: but unto them that are defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure; but even their mind and conscience is defiled.
Titus 2:9	Exhort servants to be obedient unto their own masters, and to please them well in all things; not answering again;
Titus 3:4	But after that the kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared,
Titus 3:14	And let our's also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses, that they be not unfruitful.
Philemon 1:9	Yet for love's sake I rather beseech thee, being such an one as Paul the aged, and now also a prisoner of Jesus Christ.
Philemon 1:19	I Paul have written it with mine own hand, I will repay it: albeit I do not say to thee how thou owest unto me even thine own self besides.
Hebrews 1:4	Being made so much better than the angels, as he hath by inheritance obtained a more excellent name than they.
Hebrews 1:14	Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation?
Hebrews 2:10	For it became him, for whom are all things, and by whom are all things, in bringing many sons unto glory, to make the captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings.
Hebrews 3:2	Who was faithful to him that appointed him, as also Moses was faithful in all his house.
Hebrews 3:12	Take heed, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of unbelief, in departing from the living God.
Hebrews 4:3	For we which have believed do enter into rest, as he said, As I have sworn in my wrath, if they shall enter into my rest: although the works were finished from the foundation of the world.
Hebrews 4:13	Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight: but all things are naked and opened unto the eyes of him with whom we have to do.
Hebrews 5:7	Who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears unto him that was able to save him from death, and was heard in that he feared;
Hebrews 6:3	And this will we do, if God permit.
Hebrews 6:13	For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he sware by himself,
Hebrews 7:3	Without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life; but made like unto the Son of God; abideth a priest continually.
Hebrews 7:13	For he of whom these things are spoken pertaineth to another tribe, of which no man gave attendance at the altar.
Hebrews 7:23	And they truly were many priests, because they were not suffered to continue by reason of death:
Hebrews 8:5	Who serve unto the example and shadow of heavenly things, as Moses was admonished of God when he was about to make the tabernacle: for, See, saith he, that thou make all things according to the pattern shewed to thee in the mount.
Hebrews 9:2	For there was a tabernacle made; the first, wherein was the candlestick, and the table, and the shewbread; which is called the sanctuary.
Hebrews 9:12	Neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us.
Hebrews 9:22	And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission.
Hebrews 10:4	For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sins.
Hebrews 10:14	For by one offering he hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified.
Hebrews 10:24	And let us consider one another to provoke unto love and to good works:
Hebrews 10:34	For ye had compassion of me in my bonds, and took joyfully the spoiling of your goods, knowing in yourselves that ye have in heaven a better and an enduring substance.
Hebrews 11:5	By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and was not found, because God had translated him: for before his translation he had this testimony, that he pleased God.
Hebrews 11:15	And truly, if they had been mindful of that country from whence they came out, they might have had opportunity to have returned.
Hebrews 11:25	Choosing rather to suffer affliction with the people of God, than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season;
Hebrews 11:35	Women received their dead raised to life again: and others were tortured, not accepting deliverance; that they might obtain a better resurrection:
Hebrews 12:5	And ye have forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as unto children, My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him:
Hebrews 12:15	Looking diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you, and thereby many be defiled;
Hebrews 12:25	See that ye refuse not him that speaketh. For if they escaped not who refused him that spake on earth, much more shall not we escape, if we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven:
Hebrews 13:6	So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me.
Hebrews 13:16	But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased.
James 1:1	James, a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ, to the twelve tribes which are scattered abroad, greeting.
James 1:11	For the sun is no sooner risen with a burning heat, but it withereth the grass, and the flower thereof falleth, and the grace of the fashion of it perisheth: so also shall the rich man fade away in his ways.
James 1:21	Wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness, and receive with meekness the engrafted word, which is able to save your souls.
James 2:4	Are ye not then partial in yourselves, and are become judges of evil thoughts?
James 2:14	What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man say he hath faith, and have not works? can faith save him?
James 2:24	Ye see then how that by works a man is justified, and not by faith only.
James 3:8	But the tongue can no man tame; it is an unruly evil, full of deadly poison.
James 3:18	And the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace of them that make peace.
James 4:10	Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up.
James 5:3	Your gold and silver is cankered; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days.
James 5:13	Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any merry? let him sing psalms.
1 Peter 1:3	Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which according to his abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead,
1 Peter 1:13	Wherefore gird up the loins of your mind, be sober, and hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ;
1 Peter 1:23	Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever.
1 Peter 2:8	And a stone of stumbling, and a rock of offence, even to them which stumble at the word, being disobedient: whereunto also they were appointed.
1 Peter 2:18	Servants, be subject to your masters with all fear; not only to the good and gentle, but also to the froward.
1 Peter 3:3	Whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair, and of wearing of gold, or of putting on of apparel;
1 Peter 3:13	And who is he that will harm you, if ye be followers of that which is good?
1 Peter 4:1	Forasmuch then as Christ hath suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves likewise with the same mind: for he that hath suffered in the flesh hath ceased from sin;
1 Peter 4:11	If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God; if any man minister, let him do it as of the ability which God giveth: that God in all things may be glorified through Jesus Christ, to whom be praise and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
1 Peter 5:2	Feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the oversight thereof, not by constraint, but willingly; not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind;
1 Peter 5:12	By Silvanus, a faithful brother unto you, as I suppose, I have written briefly, exhorting, and testifying that this is the true grace of God wherein ye stand.
2 Peter 1:8	For if these things be in you, and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Peter 1:18	And this voice which came from heaven we heard, when we were with him in the holy mount.
2 Peter 2:7	And delivered just Lot, vexed with the filthy conversation of the wicked:
2 Peter 2:17	These are wells without water, clouds that are carried with a tempest; to whom the mist of darkness is reserved for ever.
2 Peter 3:5	For this they willingly are ignorant of, that by the word of God the heavens were of old, and the earth standing out of the water and in the water:
2 Peter 3:15	And account that the longsuffering of our Lord is salvation; even as our beloved brother Paul also according to the wisdom given unto him hath written unto you;
1 John 1:7	But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from all sin.
1 John 2:7	Brethren, I write no new commandment unto you, but an old commandment which ye had from the beginning. The old commandment is the word which ye have heard from the beginning.
1 John 2:17	And the world passeth away, and the lust thereof: but he that doeth the will of God abideth for ever.
1 John 2:27	But the anointing which ye have received of him abideth in you, and ye need not that any man teach you: but as the same anointing teacheth you of all things, and is truth, and is no lie, and even as it hath taught you, ye shall abide in him.
1 John 3:8	He that committeth sin is of the devil; for the devil sinneth from the beginning. For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil.
1 John 3:18	My little children, let us not love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in truth.
1 John 4:4	Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them: because greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world.
1 John 4:14	And we have seen and do testify that the Father sent the Son to be the Saviour of the world.
1 John 5:3	For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous.
1 John 5:13	These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.
2 John 1:2	For the truth's sake, which dwelleth in us, and shall be with us for ever.
2 John 1:12	Having many things to write unto you, I would not write with paper and ink: but I trust to come unto you, and speak face to face, that our joy may be full.
3 John 1:9	I wrote unto the church: but Diotrephes, who loveth to have the preeminence among them, receiveth us not.
Jude 1:5	I will therefore put you in remembrance, though ye once knew this, how that the Lord, having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed them that believed not.
Jude 1:15	To execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken against him.
Jude 1:25	To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.
Revelation 1:10	I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a trumpet,
Revelation 1:20	The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches: and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches.
Revelation 2:10	Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer: behold, the devil shall cast some of you into prison, that ye may be tried; and ye shall have tribulation ten days: be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life.
Revelation 2:20	Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee, because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetess, to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication, and to eat things sacrificed unto idols.
Revelation 3:1	And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead.
Revelation 3:11	Behold, I come quickly: hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown.
Revelation 3:21	To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne.
Revelation 4:9	And when those beasts give glory and honour and thanks to him that sat on the throne, who liveth for ever and ever,
Revelation 5:8	And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four and twenty elders fell down before the Lamb, having every one of them harps, and golden vials full of odours, which are the prayers of saints.
Revelation 6:4	And there went out another horse that was red: and power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another: and there was given unto him a great sword.
Revelation 6:14	And the heaven departed as a scroll when it is rolled together; and every mountain and island were moved out of their places.
Revelation 7:7	Of the tribe of Simeon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Levi were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Issachar were sealed twelve thousand.
Revelation 7:17	For the Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them, and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters: and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes.
Revelation 8:10	And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as it were a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of the rivers, and upon the fountains of waters;
Revelation 9:7	And the shapes of the locusts were like unto horses prepared unto battle; and on their heads were as it were crowns like gold, and their faces were as the faces of men.
Revelation 9:17	And thus I saw the horses in the vision, and them that sat on them, having breastplates of fire, and of jacinth, and brimstone: and the heads of the horses were as the heads of lions; and out of their mouths issued fire and smoke and brimstone.
Revelation 10:6	And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever, who created heaven, and the things that therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer:
Revelation 11:5	And if any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of their mouth, and devoureth their enemies: and if any man will hurt them, he must in this manner be killed.
Revelation 11:15	And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign for ever and ever.
Revelation 12:6	And the woman fled into the wilderness, where she hath a place prepared of God, that they should feed her there a thousand two hundred and threescore days.
Revelation 12:16	And the earth helped the woman, and the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed up the flood which the dragon cast out of his mouth.
Revelation 13:9	If any man have an ear, let him hear.
Revelation 14:1	And I looked, and, lo, a Lamb stood on the mount Sion, and with him an hundred forty and four thousand, having his Father's name written in their foreheads.
Revelation 14:11	And the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever: and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name.
Revelation 15:1	And I saw another sign in heaven, great and marvellous, seven angels having the seven last plagues; for in them is filled up the wrath of God.
Revelation 16:3	And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea.
Revelation 16:13	And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet.
Revelation 17:2	With whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication.
Revelation 17:12	And the ten horns which thou sawest are ten kings, which have received no kingdom as yet; but receive power as kings one hour with the beast.
Revelation 18:4	And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.
Revelation 18:14	And the fruits that thy soul lusted after are departed from thee, and all things which were dainty and goodly are departed from thee, and thou shalt find them no more at all.
Revelation 18:24	And in her was found the blood of prophets, and of saints, and of all that were slain upon the earth.
Revelation 19:10	And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See thou do it not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy.
Revelation 19:20	And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.
Revelation 20:9	And they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed the camp of the saints about, and the beloved city: and fire came down from God out of heaven, and devoured them.
Revelation 21:4	And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away.
Revelation 21:14	And the wall of the city had twelve foundations, and in them the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb.
Revelation 21:24	And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and the kings of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it.
Revelation 22:7	Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book.
Revelation 22:17	And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.
