Genesis 1:10	And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:20	And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life, and fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven.
Genesis 1:30	And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so.
Genesis 2:9	And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
Genesis 2:19	And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living creature, that was the name thereof.
Genesis 3:4	And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die:
Genesis 3:14	And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life:
Genesis 3:24	So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life.
Genesis 4:10	And he said, What hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from the ground.
Genesis 4:20	And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have cattle.
Genesis 5:4	And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters:
Genesis 5:14	And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years: and he died.
Genesis 5:24	And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.
Genesis 6:2	That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all which they chose.
Genesis 6:12	And God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth.
Genesis 6:22	Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did he.
Genesis 7:10	And it came to pass after seven days, that the waters of the flood were upon the earth.
Genesis 7:20	Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains were covered.
Genesis 8:6	And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made:
Genesis 8:16	Go forth of the ark, thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons' wives with thee.
Genesis 9:4	But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof, shall ye not eat.
Genesis 9:14	And it shall come to pass, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud:
Genesis 9:24	And Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his younger son had done unto him.
Genesis 10:5	By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations.
Genesis 10:15	And Canaan begat Sidon his first born, and Heth,
Genesis 10:25	And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of one was Peleg; for in his days was the earth divided; and his brother's name was Joktan.
Genesis 11:3	And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for mortar.
Genesis 11:13	And Arphaxad lived after he begat Salah four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:23	And Serug lived after he begat Nahor two hundred years, and begat sons and daughters.
Genesis 12:1	Now the LORD had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I will show thee:
Genesis 12:11	And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into Egypt, that he said unto Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that thou art a fair woman to look upon:
Genesis 13:1	And Abram went up out of Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, into the south.
Genesis 13:11	Then Lot chose him all the plain of Jordan; and Lot journeyed east: and they separated themselves the one from the other.
Genesis 14:3	All these were joined together in the vale of Siddim, which is the salt sea.
Genesis 14:13	And there came one that had escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew; for he dwelt in the plain of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner: and these were confederate with Abram.
Genesis 14:23	That I will not take from a thread even to a shoelatchet, and that I will not take any thing that is thine, lest thou shouldest say, I have made Abram rich:
Genesis 15:9	And he said unto him, Take me an heifer of three years old, and a she goat of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a turtledove, and a young pigeon.
Genesis 15:19	The Kenites, and the Kenizzites, and the Kadmonites,
Genesis 16:8	And he said, Hagar, Sarai's maid, whence camest thou? and whither wilt thou go? And she said, I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai.
Genesis 17:2	And I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly.
Genesis 17:12	And he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you, every man child in your generations, he that is born in the house, or bought with money of any stranger, which is not of thy seed.
Genesis 17:22	And he left off talking with him, and God went up from Abraham.
Genesis 18:5	And I will fetch a morsel of bread, and comfort ye your hearts; after that ye shall pass on: for therefore are ye come to your servant. And they said, So do, as thou hast said.
Genesis 18:15	Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid. And he said, Nay; but thou didst laugh.
Genesis 18:25	That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from thee: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right?
Genesis 19:2	And he said, Behold now, my lords, turn in, I pray you, into your servant's house, and tarry all night, and wash your feet, and ye shall rise up early, and go on your ways. And they said, Nay; but we will abide in the street all night.
Genesis 19:12	And the men said unto Lot, Hast thou here any besides? son in law, and thy sons, and thy daughters, and whatsoever thou hast in the city, bring them out of this place:
Genesis 19:22	Haste thee, escape thither; for I cannot do anything till thou be come thither. Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar.
Genesis 19:32	Come, let us make our father drink wine, and we will lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.
Genesis 20:4	But Abimelech had not come near her: and he said, LORD, wilt thou slay also a righteous nation?
Genesis 20:14	And Abimelech took sheep, and oxen, and menservants, and womenservants, and gave them unto Abraham, and restored him Sarah his wife.
Genesis 21:6	And Sarah said, God hath made me to laugh, so that all that hear will laugh with me.
Genesis 21:16	And she went, and sat her down over against him a good way off, as it were a bow shot: for she said, Let me not see the death of the child. And she sat over against him, and lift up her voice, and wept.
Genesis 21:26	And Abimelech said, I wot not who hath done this thing; neither didst thou tell me, neither yet heard I of it, but to day.
Genesis 22:2	And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Moriah; and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of.
Genesis 22:12	And he said, Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou any thing unto him: for now I know that thou fearest God, seeing thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only son from me.
Genesis 22:22	And Chesed, and Hazo, and Pildash, and Jidlaph, and Bethuel.
Genesis 23:8	And he communed with them, saying, If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight; hear me, and entreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar,
Genesis 23:18	Unto Abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of Heth, before all that went in at the gate of his city.
Genesis 24:8	And if the woman will not be willing to follow thee, then thou shalt be clear from this my oath: only bring not my son thither again.
Genesis 24:18	And she said, Drink, my lord: and she hasted, and let down her pitcher upon her hand, and gave him drink.
Genesis 24:28	And the damsel ran, and told them of her mother's house these things.
Genesis 24:38	But thou shalt go unto my father's house, and to my kindred, and take a wife unto my son.
Genesis 24:48	And I bowed down my head, and worshipped the LORD, and blessed the LORD God of my master Abraham, which had led me in the right way to take my master's brother's daughter unto his son.
Genesis 24:58	And they called Rebekah, and said unto her, Wilt thou go with this man? And she said, I will go.
Genesis 25:1	Then again Abraham took a wife, and her name was Keturah.
Genesis 25:11	And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed his son Isaac; and Isaac dwelt by the well Lahairoi.
Genesis 25:21	And Isaac entreated the LORD for his wife, because she was barren: and the LORD was entreated of him, and Rebekah his wife conceived.
Genesis 25:31	And Jacob said, Sell me this day thy birthright.
Genesis 26:7	And the men of the place asked him of his wife; and he said, She is my sister: for he feared to say, She is my wife; lest, said he, the men of the place should kill me for Rebekah; because she was fair to look upon.
Genesis 26:17	And Isaac departed thence, and pitched his tent in the valley of Gerar, and dwelt there.
Genesis 26:27	And Isaac said unto them, Wherefore come ye to me, seeing ye hate me, and have sent me away from you?
Genesis 27:2	And he said, Behold now, I am old, I know not the day of my death:
Genesis 27:12	My father peradventure will feel me, and I shall seem to him as a deceiver; and I shall bring a curse upon me, and not a blessing.
Genesis 27:22	And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father; and he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau.
Genesis 27:32	And Isaac his father said unto him, Who art thou? And he said, I am thy son, thy firstborn Esau.
Genesis 27:42	And these words of Esau her elder son were told to Rebekah: and she sent and called Jacob her younger son, and said unto him, Behold, thy brother Esau, as touching thee, doth comfort himself, purposing to kill thee.
Genesis 28:6	When Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob, and sent him away to Padanaram, to take him a wife from thence; and that as he blessed him he gave him a charge, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan;
Genesis 28:16	And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely the LORD is in this place; and I knew it not.
Genesis 29:4	And Jacob said unto them, My brethren, whence be ye? And they said, Of Haran are we.
Genesis 29:14	And Laban said to him, Surely thou art my bone and my flesh. And he abode with him the space of a month.
Genesis 29:24	And Laban gave unto his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an handmaid.
Genesis 29:34	And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Now this time will my husband be joined unto me, because I have born him three sons: therefore was his name called Levi.
Genesis 30:9	When Leah saw that she had left bearing, she took Zilpah her maid, and gave her Jacob to wife.
Genesis 30:19	And Leah conceived again, and bare Jacob the sixth son.
Genesis 30:29	And he said unto him, Thou knowest how I have served thee, and how thy cattle was with me.
Genesis 30:39	And the flocks conceived before the rods, and brought forth cattle ring-streaked, speckled, and spotted.
Genesis 31:6	And ye know that with all my power I have served your father.
Genesis 31:16	For all the riches which God hath taken from our father, that is ours, and our children's: now then, whatsoever God hath said unto thee, do.
Genesis 31:26	And Laban said to Jacob, What hast thou done, that thou hast stolen away unawares to me, and carried away my daughters, as captives taken with the sword?
Genesis 31:36	And Jacob was wroth, and chode with Laban: and Jacob answered and said to Laban, What is my trespass? what is my sin, that thou hast so hotly pursued after me?
Genesis 31:46	And Jacob said unto his brethren, Gather stones; and they took stones, and made an heap: and they did eat there upon the heap.
Genesis 32:1	And Jacob went on his way, and the angels of God met him.
Genesis 32:11	Deliver me, I pray thee, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of Esau: for I fear him, lest he will come and smite me, and the mother with the children.
Genesis 32:21	So went the present over before him: and himself lodged that night in the company.
Genesis 32:31	And as he passed over Penuel the sun rose upon him, and he halted upon his thigh.
Genesis 33:9	And Esau said, I have enough, my brother; keep that thou hast unto thyself.
Genesis 33:19	And he bought a parcel of a field, where he had spread his tent, at the hand of the children of Hamor, Shechem's father, for an hundred pieces of money.
Genesis 34:9	And make ye marriages with us, and give your daughters unto us, and take our daughters unto you.
Genesis 34:19	And the young man deferred not to do the thing, because he had delight in Jacob's daughter: and he was more honorable than all the house of his father.
Genesis 34:29	And all their wealth, and all their little ones, and their wives took they captive, and spoiled even all that was in the house.
Genesis 35:8	But Deborah Rebekah's nurse died, and she was buried beneath Bethel under an oak: and the name of it was called Allonbachuth.
Genesis 35:18	And it came to pass, as her soul was in departing, (for she died) that she called his name Benoni: but his father called him Benjamin.
Genesis 35:28	And the days of Isaac were an hundred and fourscore years.
Genesis 36:9	And these are the generations of Esau the father of the Edomites in mount Seir:
Genesis 36:19	These are the sons of Esau, who is Edom, and these are their dukes.
Genesis 36:29	These are the dukes that came of the Horites; duke Lotan, duke Shobal, duke Zibeon, duke Anah,
Genesis 36:39	And Baalhanan the son of Achbor died, and Hadar reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pau; and his wife's name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.
Genesis 37:6	And he said unto them, Hear, I pray you, this dream which I have dreamed:
Genesis 37:16	And he said, I seek my brethren: tell me, I pray thee, where they feed their flocks.
Genesis 37:26	And Judah said unto his brethren, What profit is it if we slay our brother, and conceal his blood?
Genesis 37:36	And the Midianites sold him into Egypt unto Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh's, and captain of the guard.
Genesis 38:10	And the thing which he did displeased the LORD: wherefore he slew him also.
Genesis 38:20	And Judah sent the kid by the hand of his friend the Adullamite, to receive his pledge from the woman's hand: but he found her not.
Genesis 38:30	And afterward came out his brother, that had the scarlet thread upon his hand: and his name was called Zarah.
Genesis 39:10	And it came to pass, as she spake to Joseph day by day, that he hearkened not unto her, to lie by her, or to be with her.
Genesis 39:20	And Joseph's master took him, and put him into the prison, a place where the king's prisoners were bound: and he was there in the prison.
Genesis 40:7	And he asked Pharaoh's officers that were with him in the ward of his lord's house, saying, Wherefore look ye so sadly to day?
Genesis 40:17	And in the uppermost basket there was of all manner of bakemeats for Pharaoh; and the birds did eat them out of the basket upon my head.
Genesis 41:4	And the ill favored and leanfleshed kine did eat up the seven well favored and fat kine. So Pharaoh awoke.
Genesis 41:14	Then Pharaoh sent and called Joseph, and they brought him hastily out of the dungeon: and he shaved himself, and changed his raiment, and came in unto Pharaoh.
Genesis 41:24	And the thin ears devoured the seven good ears: and I told this unto the magicians; but there was none that could declare it to me.
Genesis 41:34	Let Pharaoh do this, and let him appoint officers over the land, and take up the fifth part of the land of Egypt in the seven plenteous years.
Genesis 41:44	And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, I am Pharaoh, and without thee shall no man lift up his hand or foot in all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:54	And the seven years of dearth began to come, according as Joseph had said: and the dearth was in all lands; but in all the land of Egypt there was bread.
Genesis 42:7	And Joseph saw his brethren, and he knew them, but made himself strange unto them, and spake roughly unto them; and he said unto them, Whence come ye? And they said, From the land of Canaan to buy food.
Genesis 42:17	And he put them all together into ward three days.
Genesis 42:27	And as one of them opened his sack to give his ass provender in the inn, he espied his money; for, behold, it was in his sack's mouth.
Genesis 42:37	And Reuben spake unto his father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to thee: deliver him into my hand, and I will bring him to thee again.
Genesis 43:9	I will be surety for him; of my hand shalt thou require him: if I bring him not unto thee, and set him before thee, then let me bear the blame for ever:
Genesis 43:19	And they came near to the steward of Joseph's house, and they communed with him at the door of the house,
Genesis 43:29	And he lifted up his eyes, and saw his brother Benjamin, his mother's son, and said, Is this your younger brother, of whom ye spake unto me? And he said, God be gracious unto thee, my son.
Genesis 44:5	Is not this it in which my lord drinketh, and whereby indeed he divineth? ye have done evil in so doing.
Genesis 44:15	And Joseph said unto them, What deed is this that ye have done? wot ye not that such a man as I can certainly divine?
Genesis 44:25	And our father said, Go again, and buy us a little food.
Genesis 45:1	Then Joseph could not refrain himself before all them that stood by him; and he cried, Cause every man to go out from me. And there stood no man with him, while Joseph made himself known unto his brethren.
Genesis 45:11	And there will I nourish thee; for yet there are five years of famine; lest thou, and thy household, and all that thou hast, come to poverty.
Genesis 45:21	And the children of Israel did so: and Joseph gave them wagons, according to the commandment of Pharaoh, and gave them provision for the way.
Genesis 46:3	And he said, I am God, the God of thy father: fear not to go down into Egypt; for I will there make of thee a great nation:
Genesis 46:13	And the sons of Issachar; Tola, and Phuvah, and Job, and Shimron.
Genesis 46:23	And the sons of Dan; Hushim.
Genesis 46:33	And it shall come to pass, when Pharaoh shall call you, and shall say, What is your occupation?
Genesis 47:9	And Jacob said unto Pharaoh, The days of the years of my pilgrimage are an hundred and thirty years: few and evil have the days of the years of my life been, and have not attained unto the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage.
Genesis 47:19	Wherefore shall we die before thine eyes, both we and our land? buy us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be servants unto Pharaoh: and give us seed, that we may live, and not die, that the land be not desolate.
Genesis 47:29	And the time drew nigh that Israel must die: and he called his son Joseph, and said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me; bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt:
Genesis 48:8	And Israel beheld Joseph's sons, and said, Who are these?
Genesis 48:18	And Joseph said unto his father, Not so, my father: for this is the firstborn; put thy right hand upon his head.
Genesis 49:6	O my soul, come not thou into their secret; unto their assembly, mine honor, be not thou united: for in their anger they slew a man, and in their self-will they digged down a wall.
Genesis 49:16	Dan shall judge his people, as one of the tribes of Israel.
Genesis 49:26	The blessings of thy father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills: they shall be on the head of Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brethren.
Genesis 50:3	And forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of those which are embalmed: and the Egyptians mourned for him threescore and ten days.
Genesis 50:13	For his sons carried him into the land of Canaan, and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the field for a possession of a buryingplace of Ephron the Hittite, before Mamre.
Genesis 50:23	And Joseph saw Ephraim's children of the third generation: the children also of Machir the son of Manasseh were brought up upon Joseph's knees.
Exodus 1:7	And the children of Israel were fruitful, and increased abundantly, and multiplied, and waxed exceeding mighty; and the land was filled with them.
Exodus 1:17	But the midwives feared God, and did not as the king of Egypt commanded them, but saved the men children alive.
Exodus 2:5	And the daughter of Pharaoh came down to wash herself at the river; and her maidens walked along by the river's side; and when she saw the ark among the flags, she sent her maid to fetch it.
Exodus 2:15	Now when Pharaoh heard this thing, he sought to slay Moses. But Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh, and dwelt in the land of Midian: and he sat down by a well.
Exodus 2:25	And God looked upon the children of Israel, and God had respect unto them.
Exodus 3:10	Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt.
Exodus 3:20	And I will stretch out my hand, and smite Egypt with all my wonders which I will do in the midst thereof: and after that he will let you go.
Exodus 4:8	And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe thee, neither hearken to the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice of the latter sign.
Exodus 4:18	And Moses went and returned to Jethro his father in law, and said unto him, Let me go, I pray thee, and return unto my brethren which are in Egypt, and see whether they be yet alive. And Jethro said to Moses, Go in peace.
Exodus 4:28	And Moses told Aaron all the words of the LORD who had sent him, and all the signs which he had commanded him.
Exodus 5:7	Ye shall no more give the people straw to make brick, as heretofore: let them go and gather straw for themselves.
Exodus 5:17	But he said, Ye are idle, ye are idle: therefore ye say, Let us go and do sacrifice to the LORD.
Exodus 6:4	And I have also established my covenant with them, to give them the land of Canaan, the land of their pilgrimage, wherein they were strangers.
Exodus 6:14	These be the heads of their fathers' houses: The sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel; Hanoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi: these be the families of Reuben.
Exodus 6:24	And the sons of Korah; Assir, and Elkanah, and Abiasaph: these are the families of the Korhites.
Exodus 7:4	But Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you, that I may lay my hand upon Egypt, and bring forth mine armies, and my people the children of Israel, out of the land of Egypt by great judgments.
Exodus 7:14	And the LORD said unto Moses, Pharaoh's heart is hardened, he refuseth to let the people go.
Exodus 7:24	And all the Egyptians digged round about the river for water to drink; for they could not drink of the water of the river.
Exodus 8:9	And Moses said unto Pharaoh, Glory over me: when shall I entreat for thee, and for thy servants, and for thy people, to destroy the frogs from thee and thy houses, that they may remain in the river only?
Exodus 8:19	Then the magicians said unto Pharaoh, This is the finger of God: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, and he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said.
Exodus 8:29	And Moses said, Behold, I go out from thee, and I will entreat the LORD that the swarms of flies may depart from Pharaoh, from his servants, and from his people, to morrow: but let not Pharaoh deal deceitfully any more in not letting the people go to sacrifice to the LORD.
Exodus 9:7	And Pharaoh sent, and, behold, there was not one of the cattle of the Israelites dead. And the heart of Pharaoh was hardened, and he did not let the people go.
Exodus 9:17	As yet exaltest thou thyself against my people, that thou wilt not let them go?
Exodus 9:27	And Pharaoh sent, and called for Moses and Aaron, and said unto them, I have sinned this time: the LORD is righteous, and I and my people are wicked.
Exodus 10:2	And that thou mayest tell in the ears of thy son, and of thy son's son, what things I have wrought in Egypt, and my signs which I have done among them; that ye may know how that I am the LORD.
Exodus 10:12	And the LORD said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand over the land of Egypt for the locusts, that they may come up upon the land of Egypt, and eat every herb of the land, even all that the hail hath left.
Exodus 10:22	And Moses stretched forth his hand toward heaven; and there was a thick darkness in all the land of Egypt three days:
Exodus 11:3	And the LORD gave the people favor in the sight of the Egyptians. Moreover the man Moses was very great in the land of Egypt, in the sight of Pharaoh's servants, and in the sight of the people.
Exodus 12:3	Speak ye unto all the congregation of Israel, saying, In the tenth day of this month they shall take to them every man a lamb, according to the house of their fathers, a lamb for an house:
Exodus 12:13	And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye are: and when I see the blood, I will pass over you, and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you, when I smite the land of Egypt.
Exodus 12:23	For the LORD will pass through to smite the Egyptians; and when he seeth the blood upon the lintel, and on the two side posts, the LORD will pass over the door, and will not suffer the destroyer to come in unto your houses to smite you.
Exodus 12:33	And the Egyptians were urgent upon the people, that they might send them out of the land in haste; for they said, We be all dead men.
Exodus 12:43	And the LORD said unto Moses and Aaron, This is the ordinance of the passover: There shall no stranger eat thereof:
Exodus 13:2	Sanctify unto me all the firstborn, whatsoever openeth the womb among the children of Israel, both of man and of beast: it is mine.
Exodus 13:12	That thou shalt set apart unto the LORD all that openeth the matrix, and every firstling that cometh of a beast which thou hast; the males shall be the LORD's.
Exodus 13:22	He took not away the pillar of the cloud by day, nor the pillar of fire by night, from before the people.
Exodus 14:10	And when Pharaoh drew nigh, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes, and, behold, the Egyptians marched after them; and they were sore afraid: and the children of Israel cried out unto the LORD.
Exodus 14:20	And it came between the camp of the Egyptians and the camp of Israel; and it was a cloud and darkness to them, but it gave light by night to these: so that the one came not near the other all the night.
Exodus 14:30	Thus the LORD saved Israel that day out of the hand of the Egyptians; and Israel saw the Egyptians dead upon the sea shore.
Exodus 15:9	The enemy said, I will pursue, I will overtake, I will divide the spoil; my lust shall be satisfied upon them; I will draw my sword, my hand shall destroy them.
Exodus 15:19	For the horse of Pharaoh went in with his chariots and with his horsemen into the sea, and the LORD brought again the waters of the sea upon them; but the children of Israel went on dry land in the midst of the sea.
Exodus 16:2	And the whole congregation of the children of Israel murmured against Moses and Aaron in the wilderness:
Exodus 16:12	I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel: speak unto them, saying, At even ye shall eat flesh, and in the morning ye shall be filled with bread; and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God.
Exodus 16:22	And it came to pass, that on the sixth day they gathered twice as much bread, two omers for one man: and all the rulers of the congregation came and told Moses.
Exodus 16:32	And Moses said, This is the thing which the LORD commandeth, Fill an omer of it to be kept for your generations; that they may see the bread wherewith I have fed you in the wilderness, when I brought you forth from the land of Egypt.
Exodus 17:6	Behold, I will stand before thee there upon the rock in Horeb; and thou shalt smite the rock, and there shall come water out of it, that the people may drink. And Moses did so in the sight of the elders of Israel.
Exodus 17:16	For he said, Because the LORD hath sworn that the LORD will have war with Amalek from generation to generation.
Exodus 18:10	And Jethro said, Blessed be the LORD, who hath delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of Pharaoh, who hath delivered the people from under the hand of the Egyptians.
Exodus 18:20	And thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws, and shalt show them the way wherein they must walk, and the work that they must do.
Exodus 19:3	And Moses went up unto God, and the LORD called unto him out of the mountain, saying, Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob, and tell the children of Israel;
Exodus 19:13	There shall not an hand touch it, but he shall surely be stoned, or shot through; whether it be beast or man, it shall not live: when the trumpet soundeth long, they shall come up to the mount.
Exodus 19:23	And Moses said unto the LORD, The people cannot come up to mount Sinai: for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the mount, and sanctify it.
Exodus 20:8	Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy.
Exodus 20:18	And all the people saw the thunderings, and the lightnings, and the noise of the trumpet, and the mountain smoking: and when the people saw it, they removed, and stood afar off.
Exodus 21:2	If thou buy an Hebrew servant, six years he shall serve: and in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing.
Exodus 21:12	He that smiteth a man, so that he die, shall be surely put to death.
Exodus 21:22	If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely punished, according as the woman's husband will lay upon him; and he shall pay as the judges determine.
Exodus 21:32	If the ox shall push a manservant or a maidservant; he shall give unto their master thirty shekels of silver, and the ox shall be stoned.
Exodus 22:6	If fire break out, and catch in thorns, so that the stacks of corn, or the standing corn, or the field, be consumed therewith; he that kindled the fire shall surely make restitution.
Exodus 22:16	And if a man entice a maid that is not betrothed, and lie with her, he shall surely endow her to be his wife.
Exodus 22:26	If thou at all take thy neighbor's raiment to pledge, thou shalt deliver it unto him by that the sun goeth down:
Exodus 23:5	If thou see the ass of him that hateth thee lying under his burden, and wouldest forbear to help him, thou shalt surely help with him.
Exodus 23:15	Thou shalt keep the feast of unleavened bread: (thou shalt eat unleavened bread seven days, as I commanded thee, in the time appointed of the month Abib; for in it thou camest out from Egypt: and none shall appear before me empty:)
Exodus 23:25	And ye shall serve the LORD your God, and he shall bless thy bread, and thy water; and I will take sickness away from the midst of thee.
Exodus 24:2	And Moses alone shall come near the LORD: but they shall not come nigh; neither shall the people go up with him.
Exodus 24:12	And the LORD said unto Moses, Come up to me into the mount, and be there: and I will give thee tables of stone, and a law, and commandments which I have written; that thou mayest teach them.
Exodus 25:4	And blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine linen, and goats' hair,
Exodus 25:14	And thou shalt put the staves into the rings by the sides of the ark, that the ark may be borne with them.
Exodus 25:24	And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, and make thereto a crown of gold round about.
Exodus 25:34	And in the candlesticks shall be four bowls made like unto almonds, with their knops and their flowers.
Exodus 26:4	And thou shalt make loops of blue upon the edge of the one curtain from the selvedge in the coupling; and likewise shalt thou make in the uttermost edge of another curtain, in the coupling of the second.
Exodus 26:14	And thou shalt make a covering for the tent of rams' skins dyed red, and a covering above of badgers' skins.
Exodus 26:24	And they shall be coupled together beneath, and they shall be coupled together above the head of it unto one ring: thus shall it be for them both; they shall be for the two corners.
Exodus 26:34	And thou shalt put the mercy seat upon the ark of the testimony in the most holy place.
Exodus 27:7	And the staves shall be put into the rings, and the staves shall be upon the two sides of the altar, to bear it.
Exodus 27:17	All the pillars round about the court shall be filleted with silver; their hooks shall be of silver, and their sockets of brass.
Exodus 28:6	And they shall make the ephod of gold, of blue, and of purple, of scarlet, and fine twined linen, with cunning work.
Exodus 28:16	Foursquare it shall be being doubled; a span shall be the length thereof, and a span shall be the breadth thereof.
Exodus 28:26	And thou shalt make two rings of gold, and thou shalt put them upon the two ends of the breastplate in the border thereof, which is in the side of the ephod inward.
Exodus 28:36	And thou shalt make a plate of pure gold, and grave upon it, like the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD.
Exodus 29:3	And thou shalt put them into one basket, and bring them in the basket, with the bullock and the two rams.
Exodus 29:13	And thou shalt take all the fat that covereth the inwards, and the caul that is above the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, and burn them upon the altar.
Exodus 29:23	And one loaf of bread, and one cake of oiled bread, and one wafer out of the basket of the unleavened bread that is before the LORD:
Exodus 29:33	And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement was made, to consecrate and to sanctify them: but a stranger shall not eat thereof, because they are holy.
Exodus 29:43	And there I will meet with the children of Israel, and the tabernacle shall be sanctified by my glory.
Exodus 30:7	And Aaron shall burn thereon sweet incense every morning: when he dresseth the lamps, he shall burn incense upon it.
Exodus 30:17	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Exodus 30:27	And the table and all his vessels, and the candlestick and his vessels, and the altar of incense,
Exodus 30:37	And as for the perfume which thou shalt make, ye shall not make to yourselves according to the composition thereof: it shall be unto thee holy for the LORD.
Exodus 31:9	And the altar of burnt offering with all his furniture, and the laver and his foot,
Exodus 32:1	And when the people saw that Moses delayed to come down out of the mount, the people gathered themselves together unto Aaron, and said unto him, Up, make us gods, which shall go before us; for as for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him.
Exodus 32:11	And Moses besought the LORD his God, and said, LORD, why doth thy wrath wax hot against thy people, which thou hast brought forth out of the land of Egypt with great power, and with a mighty hand?
Exodus 32:21	And Moses said unto Aaron, What did this people unto thee, that thou hast brought so great a sin upon them?
Exodus 32:31	And Moses returned unto the LORD, and said, Oh, this people have sinned a great sin, and have made them gods of gold.
Exodus 33:6	And the children of Israel stripped themselves of their ornaments by the mount Horeb.
Exodus 33:16	For wherein shall it be known here that I and thy people have found grace in thy sight? is it not in that thou goest with us? so shall we be separated, I and thy people, from all the people that are upon the face of the earth.
Exodus 34:3	And no man shall come up with thee, neither let any man be seen throughout all the mount; neither let the flocks nor herds feed before that mount.
Exodus 34:13	But ye shall destroy their altars, break their images, and cut down their groves:
Exodus 34:23	Thrice in the year shall all your men children appear before the LORD God, the God of Israel.
Exodus 34:33	And till Moses had done speaking with them, he put a vail on his face.
Exodus 35:8	And oil for the light, and spices for anointing oil, and for the sweet incense,
Exodus 35:18	The pins of the tabernacle, and the pins of the court, and their cords,
Exodus 35:28	And spice, and oil for the light, and for the anointing oil, and for the sweet incense.
Exodus 36:3	And they received of Moses all the offering, which the children of Israel had brought for the work of the service of the sanctuary, to make it withal. And they brought yet unto him free offerings every morning.
Exodus 36:13	And he made fifty taches of gold, and coupled the curtains one unto another with the taches: so it became one tabernacle.
Exodus 36:23	And he made boards for the tabernacle; twenty boards for the south side southward:
Exodus 36:33	And he made the middle bar to shoot through the boards from the one end to the other.
Exodus 37:5	And he put the staves into the rings by the sides of the ark, to bear the ark.
Exodus 37:15	And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with gold, to bear the table.
Exodus 37:25	And he made the incense altar of shittim wood: the length of it was a cubit, and the breadth of it a cubit; it was foursquare; and two cubits was the height of it; the horns thereof were of the same.
Exodus 38:6	And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with brass.
Exodus 38:16	All the hangings of the court round about were of fine twined linen.
Exodus 38:26	A bekah for every man, that is, half a shekel, after the shekel of the sanctuary, for every one that went to be numbered, from twenty years old and upward, for six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty men.
Exodus 39:5	And the curious girdle of his ephod, that was upon it, was of the same, according to the work thereof; of gold, blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:15	And they made upon the breastplate chains at the ends, of wreathed work of pure gold.
Exodus 39:25	And they made bells of pure gold, and put the bells between the pomegranates upon the hem of the robe, round about between the pomegranates;
Exodus 39:35	The ark of the testimony, and the staves thereof, and the mercy seat,
Exodus 40:2	On the first day of the first month shalt thou set up the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation.
Exodus 40:12	And thou shalt bring Aaron and his sons unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and wash them with water.
Exodus 40:22	And he put the table in the tent of the congregation, upon the side of the tabernacle northward, without the vail.
Exodus 40:32	When they went into the tent of the congregation, and when they came near unto the altar, they washed; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Leviticus 1:4	And he shall put his hand upon the head of the burnt offering; and it shall be accepted for him to make atonement for him.
Leviticus 1:14	And if the burnt sacrifice for his offering to the LORD be of fowls, then he shall bring his offering of turtledoves, or of young pigeons.
Leviticus 2:7	And if thy oblation be a meat offering baked in the frying pan, it shall be made of fine flour with oil.
Leviticus 3:1	And if his oblation be a sacrifice of peace offering, if he offer it of the herd; whether it be a male or female, he shall offer it without blemish before the LORD.
Leviticus 3:11	And the priest shall burn it upon the altar: it is the food of the offering made by fire unto the LORD.
Leviticus 4:4	And he shall bring the bullock unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD; and shall lay his hand upon the bullock's head, and kill the bullock before the LORD.
Leviticus 4:14	When the sin, which they have sinned against it, is known, then the congregation shall offer a young bullock for the sin, and bring him before the tabernacle of the congregation.
Leviticus 4:24	And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the goat, and kill it in the place where they kill the burnt offering before the LORD: it is a sin offering.
Leviticus 4:34	And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out all the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar:
Leviticus 5:9	And he shall sprinkle of the blood of the sin offering upon the side of the altar; and the rest of the blood shall be wrung out at the bottom of the altar: it is a sin offering.
Leviticus 5:19	It is a trespass offering: he hath certainly trespassed against the LORD.
Leviticus 6:10	And the priest shall put on his linen garment, and his linen breeches shall he put upon his flesh, and take up the ashes which the fire hath consumed with the burnt offering on the altar, and he shall put them beside the altar.
Leviticus 6:20	This is the offering of Aaron and of his sons, which they shall offer unto the LORD in the day when he is anointed; the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meat offering perpetual, half of it in the morning, and half thereof at night.
Leviticus 6:30	And no sin offering, whereof any of the blood is brought into the tabernacle of the congregation to reconcile withal in the holy place, shall be eaten: it shall be burnt in the fire.
Leviticus 7:10	And every meat offering, mingled with oil, and dry, shall all the sons of Aaron have, one as much as another.
Leviticus 7:20	But the soul that eateth of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings, that pertain unto the LORD, having his uncleanness upon him, even that soul shall be cut off from his people.
Leviticus 7:30	His own hands shall bring the offerings of the LORD made by fire, the fat with the breast, it shall he bring, that the breast may be waved for a wave offering before the LORD.
Leviticus 8:2	Take Aaron and his sons with him, and the garments, and the anointing oil, and a bullock for the sin offering, and two rams, and a basket of unleavened bread;
Leviticus 8:12	And he poured of the anointing oil upon Aaron's head, and anointed him, to sanctify him.
Leviticus 8:22	And he brought the other ram, the ram of consecration: and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the ram.
Leviticus 8:32	And that which remaineth of the flesh and of the bread shall ye burn with fire.
Leviticus 9:6	And Moses said, This is the thing which the LORD commanded that ye should do: and the glory of the LORD shall appear unto you.
Leviticus 9:16	And he brought the burnt offering, and offered it according to the manner.
Leviticus 10:2	And there went out fire from the LORD, and devoured them, and they died before the LORD.
Leviticus 10:12	And Moses spake unto Aaron, and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar, his sons that were left, Take the meat offering that remaineth of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and eat it without leaven beside the altar: for it is most holy:
Leviticus 11:2	Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, These are the beasts which ye shall eat among all the beasts that are on the earth.
Leviticus 11:12	Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto you.
Leviticus 11:22	Even these of them ye may eat; the locust after his kind, and the bald locust after his kind, and the beetle after his kind, and the grasshopper after his kind.
Leviticus 11:32	And upon whatsoever any of them, when they are dead, doth fall, it shall be unclean; whether it be any vessel of wood, or raiment, or skin, or sack, whatsoever vessel it be, wherein any work is done, it must be put into water, and it shall be unclean until the even; so it shall be cleansed.
Leviticus 11:42	Whatsoever goeth upon the belly, and whatsoever goeth upon all four, or whatsoever hath more feet among all creeping things that creep upon the earth, them ye shall not eat; for they are an abomination.
Leviticus 12:5	But if she bear a maid child, then she shall be unclean two weeks, as in her separation: and she shall continue in the blood of her purifying threescore and six days.
Leviticus 13:7	But if the scab spread much abroad in the skin, after that he hath been seen of the priest for his cleansing, he shall be seen of the priest again.
Leviticus 13:17	And the priest shall see him: and, behold, if the plague be turned into white; then the priest shall pronounce him clean that hath the plague: he is clean.
Leviticus 13:27	And the priest shall look upon him the seventh day: and if it be spread much abroad in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is the plague of leprosy.
Leviticus 13:37	But if the scall be in his sight at a stay, and that there is black hair grown up therein; the scall is healed, he is clean: and the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Leviticus 13:47	The garment also that the plague of leprosy is in, whether it be a woolen garment, or a linen garment;
Leviticus 13:57	And if it appear still in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin; it is a spreading plague: thou shalt burn that wherein the plague is with fire.
Leviticus 14:8	And he that is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes, and shave off all his hair, and wash himself in water, that he may be clean: and after that he shall come into the camp, and shall tarry abroad out of his tent seven days.
Leviticus 14:18	And the remnant of the oil that is in the priest's hand he shall pour upon the head of him that is to be cleansed: and the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD.
Leviticus 14:28	And the priest shall put of the oil that is in his hand upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot, upon the place of the blood of the trespass offering:
Leviticus 14:38	Then the priest shall go out of the house to the door of the house, and shut up the house seven days:
Leviticus 14:48	And if the priest shall come in, and look upon it, and, behold, the plague hath not spread in the house, after the house was plastered: then the priest shall pronounce the house clean, because the plague is healed.
Leviticus 15:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Leviticus 15:11	And whomsoever he toucheth that hath the issue, and hath not rinsed his hands in water, he shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 15:21	And whosoever toucheth her bed shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.
Leviticus 15:31	Thus shall ye separate the children of Israel from their uncleanness; that they die not in their uncleanness, when they defile my tabernacle that is among them.
Leviticus 16:8	And Aaron shall cast lots upon the two goats; one lot for the LORD, and the other lot for the scapegoat.
Leviticus 16:18	And he shall go out unto the altar that is before the LORD, and make an atonement for it; and shall take of the blood of the bullock, and of the blood of the goat, and put it upon the horns of the altar round about.
Leviticus 16:28	And he that burneth them shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp.
Leviticus 17:4	And bringeth it not unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, to offer an offering unto the LORD before the tabernacle of the LORD; blood shall be imputed unto that man; he hath shed blood; and that man shall be cut off from among his people:
Leviticus 17:14	For it is the life of all flesh; the blood of it is for the life thereof: therefore I said unto the children of Israel, Ye shall eat the blood of no manner of flesh: for the life of all flesh is the blood thereof: whosoever eateth it shall be cut off.
Leviticus 18:8	The nakedness of thy father's wife shalt thou not uncover: it is thy father's nakedness.
Leviticus 18:18	Neither shalt thou take a wife to her sister, to vex her, to uncover her nakedness, beside the other in her life time.
Leviticus 18:28	That the land spue not you out also, when ye defile it, as it spued out the nations that were before you.
Leviticus 19:8	Therefore every one that eateth it shall bear his iniquity, because he hath profaned the hallowed thing of the LORD: and that soul shall be cut off from among his people.
Leviticus 19:18	Thou shalt not avenge, nor bear any grudge against the children of thy people, but thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 19:28	Ye shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead, nor print any marks upon you: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 20:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 20:11	And the man that lieth with his father's wife hath uncovered his father's nakedness: both of them shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them.
Leviticus 20:21	And if a man shall take his brother's wife, it is an unclean thing: he hath uncovered his brother's nakedness; they shall be childless.
Leviticus 21:4	But he shall not defile himself, being a chief man among his people, to profane himself.
Leviticus 21:14	A widow, or a divorced woman, or profane, or an harlot, these shall he not take: but he shall take a virgin of his own people to wife.
Leviticus 21:24	And Moses told it unto Aaron, and to his sons, and unto all the children of Israel.
Leviticus 22:10	There shall no stranger eat of the holy thing: a sojourner of the priest, or an hired servant, shall not eat of the holy thing.
Leviticus 22:20	But whatsoever hath a blemish, that shall ye not offer: for it shall not be acceptable for you.
Leviticus 22:30	On the same day it shall be eaten up; ye shall leave none of it until the morrow: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 23:7	In the first day ye shall have an holy convocation: ye shall do no servile work therein.
Leviticus 23:17	Ye shall bring out of your habitations two wave loaves of two tenth deals; they shall be of fine flour; they shall be baked with leaven; they are the firstfruits unto the LORD.
Leviticus 23:27	Also on the tenth day of this seventh month there shall be a day of atonement: it shall be an holy convocation unto you; and ye shall afflict your souls, and offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD.
Leviticus 23:37	These are the feasts of the LORD, which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations, to offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD, a burnt offering, and a meat offering, a sacrifice, and drink offerings, every thing upon his day:
Leviticus 24:3	Without the vail of the testimony, in the tabernacle of the congregation, shall Aaron order it from the evening unto the morning before the LORD continually: it shall be a statute for ever in your generations.
Leviticus 24:13	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Leviticus 24:23	And Moses spake to the children of Israel, that they should bring forth him that had cursed out of the camp, and stone him with stones. And the children of Israel did as the LORD commanded Moses.
Leviticus 25:10	And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof: it shall be a jubilee unto you; and ye shall return every man unto his possession, and ye shall return every man unto his family.
Leviticus 25:20	And if ye shall say, What shall we eat the seventh year? behold, we shall not sow, nor gather in our increase:
Leviticus 25:30	And if it be not redeemed within the space of a full year, then the house that is in the walled city shall be established for ever to him that bought it throughout his generations: it shall not go out in the jubilee.
Leviticus 25:40	But as an hired servant, and as a sojourner, he shall be with thee, and shall serve thee unto the year of jubilee.
Leviticus 25:50	And he shall reckon with him that bought him from the year that he was sold to him unto the year of jubilee: and the price of his sale shall be according unto the number of years, according to the time of an hired servant shall it be with him.
Leviticus 26:5	And your threshing shall reach unto the vintage, and the vintage shall reach unto the sowing time: and ye shall eat your bread to the full, and dwell in your land safely.
Leviticus 26:15	And if ye shall despise my statutes, or if your soul abhor my judgments, so that ye will not do all my commandments, but that ye break my covenant:
Leviticus 26:25	And I will bring a sword upon you, that shall avenge the quarrel of my covenant: and when ye are gathered together within your cities, I will send the pestilence among you; and ye shall be delivered into the hand of the enemy.
Leviticus 26:35	As long as it lieth desolate it shall rest; because it did not rest in your sabbaths, when ye dwelt upon it.
Leviticus 26:45	But I will for their sakes remember the covenant of their ancestors, whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt in the sight of the heathen, that I might be their God: I am the LORD.
Leviticus 27:9	And if it be a beast, whereof men bring an offering unto the LORD, all that any man giveth of such unto the LORD shall be holy.
Leviticus 27:19	And if he that sanctified the field will in any wise redeem it, then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it, and it shall be assured to him.
Leviticus 27:29	None devoted, which shall be devoted of men, shall be redeemed; but shall surely be put to death.
Numbers 1:5	And these are the names of the men that shall stand with you: of the tribe of Reuben; Elizur the son of Shedeur.
Numbers 1:15	Of Naphtali; Ahira the son of Enan.
Numbers 1:25	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Gad, were forty and five thousand six hundred and fifty.
Numbers 1:35	Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Manasseh, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred.
Numbers 1:45	So were all those that were numbered of the children of Israel, by the house of their fathers, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war in Israel;
Numbers 2:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,
Numbers 2:11	And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were forty and six thousand and five hundred.
Numbers 2:21	And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred.
Numbers 2:31	All they that were numbered in the camp of Dan were an hundred thousand and fifty and seven thousand and six hundred. They shall go hindmost with their standards.
Numbers 3:7	And they shall keep his charge, and the charge of the whole congregation before the tabernacle of the congregation, to do the service of the tabernacle.
Numbers 3:17	And these were the sons of Levi by their names; Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari.
Numbers 3:27	And of Kohath was the family of the Amramites, and the family of the Izeharites, and the family of the Hebronites, and the family of the Uzzielites: these are the families of the Kohathites.
Numbers 3:37	And the pillars of the court round about, and their sockets, and their pins, and their cords.
Numbers 3:47	Thou shalt even take five shekels apiece by the poll, after the shekel of the sanctuary shalt thou take them: (the shekel is twenty gerahs:)
Numbers 4:6	And shall put thereon the covering of badgers' skins, and shall spread over it a cloth wholly of blue, and shall put in the staves thereof.
Numbers 4:16	And to the office of Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest pertaineth the oil for the light, and the sweet incense, and the daily meat offering, and the anointing oil, and the oversight of all the tabernacle, and of all that therein is, in the sanctuary, and in the vessels thereof.
Numbers 4:26	And the hangings of the court, and the hanging for the door of the gate of the court, which is by the tabernacle and by the altar round about, and their cords, and all the instruments of their service, and all that is made for them: so shall they serve.
Numbers 4:36	And those that were numbered of them by their families were two thousand seven hundred and fifty.
Numbers 4:46	All those that were numbered of the Levites, whom Moses and Aaron and the chief of Israel numbered, after their families, and after the house of their fathers,
Numbers 5:7	Then they shall confess their sin which they have done: and he shall recompense his trespass with the principal thereof, and add unto it the fifth part thereof, and give it unto him against whom he hath trespassed.
Numbers 5:17	And the priest shall take holy water in an earthen vessel; and of the dust that is in the floor of the tabernacle the priest shall take, and put it into the water:
Numbers 5:27	And when he hath made her to drink the water, then it shall come to pass, that, if she be defiled, and have done trespass against her husband, that the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her, and become bitter, and her belly shall swell, and her thigh shall rot: and the woman shall be a curse among her people.
Numbers 6:6	All the days that he separateth himself unto the LORD he shall come at no dead body.
Numbers 6:16	And the priest shall bring them before the LORD, and shall offer his sin offering, and his burnt offering:
Numbers 6:26	The LORD lift up his countenance upon thee, and give thee peace.
Numbers 7:9	But unto the sons of Kohath he gave none: because the service of the sanctuary belonging unto them was that they should bear upon their shoulders.
Numbers 7:19	He offered for his offering one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Numbers 7:29	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Eliab the son of Helon.
Numbers 7:39	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Numbers 7:49	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Numbers 7:59	And for a sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five he goats, five lambs of the first year: this was the offering of Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.
Numbers 7:69	One young bullock, one ram, one lamb of the first year, for a burnt offering:
Numbers 7:79	His offering was one silver charger, the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering:
Numbers 7:89	And when Moses was gone into the tabernacle of the congregation to speak with him, then he heard the voice of one speaking unto him from off the mercy seat that was upon the ark of testimony, from between the two cherubim: and he spake unto him.
Numbers 8:10	And thou shalt bring the Levites before the LORD: and the children of Israel shall put their hands upon the Levites:
Numbers 8:20	And Moses, and Aaron, and all the congregation of the children of Israel, did to the Levites according unto all that the LORD commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so did the children of Israel unto them.
Numbers 9:4	And Moses spake unto the children of Israel, that they should keep the passover.
Numbers 9:14	And if a stranger shall sojourn among you, and will keep the passover unto the LORD; according to the ordinance of the passover, and according to the manner thereof, so shall he do: ye shall have one ordinance, both for the stranger, and for him that was born in the land.
Numbers 10:1	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 10:11	And it came to pass on the twentieth day of the second month, in the second year, that the cloud was taken up from off the tabernacle of the testimony.
Numbers 10:21	And the Kohathites set forward, bearing the sanctuary: and the other did set up the tabernacle against they came.
Numbers 10:31	And he said, Leave us not, I pray thee; forasmuch as thou knowest how we are to encamp in the wilderness, and thou mayest be to us instead of eyes.
Numbers 11:5	We remember the fish, which we did eat in Egypt freely; the cucumbers, and the melons, and the leeks, and the onions, and the garlic:
Numbers 11:15	And if thou deal thus with me, kill me, I pray thee, out of hand, if I have found favor in thy sight; and let me not see my wretchedness.
Numbers 11:25	And the LORD came down in a cloud, and spake unto him, and took of the spirit that was upon him, and gave it unto the seventy elders: and it came to pass, that, when the spirit rested upon them, they prophesied, and did not cease.
Numbers 11:35	And the people journeyed from Kibrothhattaavah unto Hazeroth; and abode at Hazeroth.
Numbers 12:10	And the cloud departed from off the tabernacle; and, behold, Miriam became leprous, white as snow: and Aaron looked upon Miriam, and, behold, she was leprous.
Numbers 13:4	And these were their names: of the tribe of Reuben, Shammua the son of Zaccur.
Numbers 13:14	Of the tribe of Naphtali, Nahbi the son of Vophsi.
Numbers 13:24	The place was called the brook Eshcol, because of the cluster of grapes which the children of Israel cut down from thence.
Numbers 14:1	And all the congregation lifted up their voice, and cried; and the people wept that night.
Numbers 14:11	And the LORD said unto Moses, How long will this people provoke me? and how long will it be ere they believe me, for all the signs which I have showed among them?
Numbers 14:21	But as truly as I live, all the earth shall be filled with the glory of the LORD.
Numbers 14:31	But your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, them will I bring in, and they shall know the land which ye have despised.
Numbers 14:41	And Moses said, Wherefore now do ye transgress the commandment of the LORD? but it shall not prosper.
Numbers 15:6	Or for a ram, thou shalt prepare for a meat offering two tenth deals of flour mingled with the third part of an hin of oil.
Numbers 15:16	One law and one manner shall be for you, and for the stranger that sojourneth with you.
Numbers 15:26	And it shall be forgiven all the congregation of the children of Israel, and the stranger that sojourneth among them; seeing all the people were in ignorance.
Numbers 15:36	And all the congregation brought him without the camp, and stoned him with stones, and he died; as the LORD commanded Moses.
Numbers 16:5	And he spake unto Korah and unto all his company, saying, Even to morrow the LORD will show who are his, and who is holy; and will cause him to come near unto him: even him whom he hath chosen will he cause to come near unto him.
Numbers 16:15	And Moses was very wroth, and said unto the LORD, Respect not thou their offering: I have not taken one ass from them, neither have I hurt one of them.
Numbers 16:25	And Moses rose up and went unto Dathan and Abiram; and the elders of Israel followed him.
Numbers 16:35	And there came out a fire from the LORD, and consumed the two hundred and fifty men that offered incense.
Numbers 16:45	Get you up from among this congregation, that I may consume them as in a moment. And they fell upon their faces.
Numbers 17:5	And it shall come to pass, that the man's rod, whom I shall choose, shall blossom: and I will make to cease from me the murmurings of the children of Israel, whereby they murmur against you.
Numbers 18:2	And thy brethren also of the tribe of Levi, the tribe of thy father, bring thou with thee, that they may be joined unto thee, and minister unto thee: but thou and thy sons with thee shall minister before the tabernacle of witness.
Numbers 18:12	All the best of the oil, and all the best of the wine, and of the wheat, the firstfruits of them which they shall offer unto the LORD, them have I given thee.
Numbers 18:22	Neither must the children of Israel henceforth come nigh the tabernacle of the congregation, lest they bear sin, and die.
Numbers 18:32	And ye shall bear no sin by reason of it, when ye have heaved from it the best of it: neither shall ye pollute the holy things of the children of Israel, lest ye die.
Numbers 19:10	And he that gathereth the ashes of the heifer shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: and it shall be unto the children of Israel, and unto the stranger that sojourneth among them, for a statute for ever.
Numbers 19:20	But the man that shall be unclean, and shall not purify himself, that soul shall be cut off from among the congregation, because he hath defiled the sanctuary of the LORD: the water of separation hath not been sprinkled upon him; he is unclean.
Numbers 20:8	Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock: so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink.
Numbers 20:18	And Edom said unto him, Thou shalt not pass by me, lest I come out against thee with the sword.
Numbers 20:28	And Moses stripped Aaron of his garments, and put them upon Eleazar his son; and Aaron died there in the top of the mount: and Moses and Eleazar came down from the mount.
Numbers 21:9	And Moses made a serpent of brass, and put it upon a pole, and it came to pass, that if a serpent had bitten any man, when he beheld the serpent of brass, he lived.
Numbers 21:19	And from Mattanah to Nahaliel: and from Nahaliel to Bamoth:
Numbers 21:29	Woe to thee, Moab! thou art undone, O people of Chemosh: he hath given his sons that escaped, and his daughters, into captivity unto Sihon king of the Amorites.
Numbers 22:4	And Moab said unto the elders of Midian, Now shall this company lick up all that are round about us, as the ox licketh up the grass of the field. And Balak the son of Zippor was king of the Moabites at that time.
Numbers 22:14	And the princes of Moab rose up, and they went unto Balak, and said, Balaam refuseth to come with us.
Numbers 22:24	But the angel of the LORD stood in a path of the vineyards, a wall being on this side, and a wall on that side.
Numbers 22:34	And Balaam said unto the angel of the LORD, I have sinned; for I knew not that thou stoodest in the way against me: now therefore, if it displease thee, I will get me back again.
Numbers 23:3	And Balaam said unto Balak, Stand by thy burnt offering, and I will go: peradventure the LORD will come to meet me: and whatsoever he showeth me I will tell thee. And he went to an high place.
Numbers 23:13	And Balak said unto him, Come, I pray thee, with me unto another place, from whence thou mayest see them: thou shalt see but the utmost part of them, and shalt not see them all: and curse me them from thence.
Numbers 23:23	Surely there is no enchantment against Jacob, neither is there any divination against Israel: according to this time it shall be said of Jacob and of Israel, What hath God wrought!
Numbers 24:3	And he took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath said:
Numbers 24:13	If Balak would give me his house full of silver and gold, I cannot go beyond the commandment of the LORD, to do either good or bad of mine own mind; but what the LORD saith, that will I speak?
Numbers 24:23	And he took up his parable, and said, Alas, who shall live when God doeth this!
Numbers 25:8	And he went after the man of Israel into the tent, and thrust both of them through, the man of Israel, and the woman through her belly. So the plague was stayed from the children of Israel.
Numbers 25:18	For they vex you with their wiles, wherewith they have beguiled you in the matter of Peor, and in the matter of Cozbi, the daughter of a prince of Midian, their sister, which was slain in the day of the plague for Peor's sake.
Numbers 26:10	And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up together with Korah, when that company died, what time the fire devoured two hundred and fifty men: and they became a sign.
Numbers 26:20	And the sons of Judah after their families were; of Shelah, the family of the Shelanites: of Pharez, the family of the Pharzites: of Zerah, the family of the Zarhites.
Numbers 26:30	These are the sons of Gilead: of Jeezer, the family of the Jeezerites: of Helek, the family of the Helekites:
Numbers 26:40	And the sons of Bela were Ard and Naaman: of Ard, the family of the Ardites: and of Naaman, the family of the Naamites.
Numbers 26:50	These are the families of Naphtali according to their families: and they that were numbered of them were forty and five thousand and four hundred.
Numbers 26:60	And unto Aaron was born Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
Numbers 27:5	And Moses brought their cause before the LORD.
Numbers 27:15	And Moses spake unto the LORD, saying,
Numbers 28:2	Command the children of Israel, and say unto them, My offering, and my bread for my sacrifices made by fire, for a sweet savor unto me, shall ye observe to offer unto me in their due season.
Numbers 28:12	And three tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, for one bullock; and two tenth deals of flour for a meat offering, mingled with oil, for one ram;
Numbers 28:22	And one goat for a sin offering, to make an atonement for you.
Numbers 29:1	And in the seventh month, on the first day of the month, ye shall have an holy convocation; ye shall do no servile work: it is a day of blowing the trumpets unto you.
Numbers 29:11	One kid of the goats for a sin offering; beside the sin offering of atonement, and the continual burnt offering, and the meat offering of it, and their drink offerings.
Numbers 29:21	And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks, for the rams, and for the lambs, shall be according to their number, after the manner:
Numbers 29:31	And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual burnt offering, his meat offering, and his drink offering.
Numbers 30:1	And Moses spake unto the heads of the tribes concerning the children of Israel, saying, This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded.
Numbers 30:11	And her husband heard it, and held his peace at her, and disallowed her not: then all her vows shall stand, and every bond wherewith she bound her soul shall stand.
Numbers 31:5	So there were delivered out of the thousands of Israel, a thousand of every tribe, twelve thousand armed for war.
Numbers 31:15	And Moses said unto them, Have ye saved all the women alive?
Numbers 31:25	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 31:35	And thirty and two thousand persons in all, of women that had not known man by lying with him.
Numbers 31:45	And thirty thousand asses and five hundred,
Numbers 32:1	Now the children of Reuben and the children of Gad had a very great multitude of cattle: and when they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, that, behold, the place was a place for cattle;
Numbers 32:11	Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt, from twenty years old and upward, shall see the land which I sware unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob; because they have not wholly followed me:
Numbers 32:21	And will go all of you armed over Jordan before the LORD, until he hath driven out his enemies from before him,
Numbers 32:31	And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben answered, saying, As the LORD hath said unto thy servants, so will we do.
Numbers 32:41	And Jair the son of Manasseh went and took the small towns thereof, and called them Havothjair.
Numbers 33:9	And they removed from Marah, and came unto Elim: and in Elim were twelve fountains of water, and threescore and ten palm trees; and they pitched there.
Numbers 33:19	And they departed from Rithmah, and pitched at Rimmonparez.
Numbers 33:29	And they went from Mithcah, and pitched in Hashmonah.
Numbers 33:39	And Aaron was an hundred and twenty and three years old when he died in mount Hor.
Numbers 33:49	And they pitched by Jordan, from Bethjesimoth even unto Abelshittim in the plains of Moab.
Numbers 34:3	Then your south quarter shall be from the wilderness of Zin along by the coast of Edom, and your south border shall be the outmost coast of the salt sea eastward:
Numbers 34:13	And Moses commanded the children of Israel, saying, This is the land which ye shall inherit by lot, which the LORD commanded to give unto the nine tribes, and to the half tribe:
Numbers 34:23	The prince of the children of Joseph, for the tribe of the children of Manasseh, Hanniel the son of Ephod.
Numbers 35:4	And the suburbs of the cities, which ye shall give unto the Levites, shall reach from the wall of the city and outward a thousand cubits round about.
Numbers 35:14	Ye shall give three cities on this side Jordan, and three cities shall ye give in the land of Canaan, which shall be cities of refuge.
Numbers 35:24	Then the congregation shall judge between the slayer and the revenger of blood according to these judgments:
Numbers 35:34	Defile not therefore the land which ye shall inhabit, wherein I dwell: for I the LORD dwell among the children of Israel.
Numbers 36:10	Even as the LORD commanded Moses, so did the daughters of Zelophehad:
Deuteronomy 1:7	Turn you, and take your journey, and go to the mount of the Amorites, and unto all the places nigh thereunto, in the plain, in the hills, and in the vale, and in the south, and by the sea side, to the land of the Canaanites, and unto Lebanon, unto the great river, the river Euphrates.
Deuteronomy 1:17	Ye shall not respect persons in judgment; but ye shall hear the small as well as the great; ye shall not be afraid of the face of man; for the judgment is God's: and the cause that is too hard for you, bring it unto me, and I will hear it.
Deuteronomy 1:27	And ye murmured in your tents, and said, Because the LORD hated us, he hath brought us forth out of the land of Egypt, to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites, to destroy us.
Deuteronomy 1:37	Also the LORD was angry with me for your sakes, saying, Thou also shalt not go in thither.
Deuteronomy 2:1	Then we turned, and took our journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea, as the LORD spake unto me: and we compassed mount Seir many days.
Deuteronomy 2:11	Which also were accounted giants, as the Anakims; but the Moabites called them Emims.
Deuteronomy 2:21	A people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakims; but the LORD destroyed them before them; and they succeeded them, and dwelt in their stead:
Deuteronomy 2:31	And the LORD said unto me, Behold, I have begun to give Sihon and his land before thee: begin to possess, that thou mayest inherit his land.
Deuteronomy 3:4	And we took all his cities at that time, there was not a city which we took not from them, threescore cities, all the region of Argob, the kingdom of Og in Bashan.
Deuteronomy 3:14	Jair the son of Manasseh took all the country of Argob unto the coasts of Geshuri and Maachathi; and called them after his own name, Bashanhavothjair, unto this day.
Deuteronomy 3:24	O Lord GOD, thou hast begun to show thy servant thy greatness, and thy mighty hand: for what God is there in heaven or in earth, that can do according to thy works, and according to thy might?
Deuteronomy 4:5	Behold, I have taught you statutes and judgments, even as the LORD my God commanded me, that ye should do so in the land whither ye go to possess it.
Deuteronomy 4:15	Take ye therefore good heed unto yourselves; for ye saw no manner of similitude on the day that the LORD spake unto you in Horeb out of the midst of the fire:
Deuteronomy 4:25	When thou shalt beget children, and children's children, and ye shall have remained long in the land, and shall corrupt yourselves, and make a graven image, or the likeness of any thing, and shall do evil in the sight of the LORD thy God, to provoke him to anger:
Deuteronomy 4:35	Unto thee it was showed, that thou mightest know that the LORD he is God; there is none else beside him.
Deuteronomy 4:45	These are the testimonies, and the statutes, and the judgments, which Moses spake unto the children of Israel, after they came forth out of Egypt.
Deuteronomy 5:6	I am the LORD thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage.
Deuteronomy 5:16	Honor thy father and thy mother, as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee; that thy days may be prolonged, and that it may go well with thee, in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.
Deuteronomy 5:26	For who is there of all flesh, that hath heard the voice of the living God speaking out of the midst of the fire, as we have, and lived?
Deuteronomy 6:3	Hear therefore, O Israel, and observe to do it; that it may be well with thee, and that ye may increase mightily, as the LORD God of thy fathers hath promised thee, in the land that floweth with milk and honey.
Deuteronomy 6:13	Thou shalt fear the LORD thy God, and serve him, and shalt swear by his name.
Deuteronomy 6:23	And he brought us out from thence, that he might bring us in, to give us the land which he sware unto our fathers.
Deuteronomy 7:8	But because the LORD loved you, and because he would keep the oath which he had sworn unto your fathers, hath the LORD brought you out with a mighty hand, and redeemed you out of the house of bondmen, from the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt.
Deuteronomy 7:18	Thou shalt not be afraid of them: but shalt well remember what the LORD thy God did unto Pharaoh, and unto all Egypt;
Deuteronomy 8:2	And thou shalt remember all the way which the LORD thy God led thee these forty years in the wilderness, to humble thee, and to prove thee, to know what was in thine heart, whether thou wouldest keep his commandments, or no.
Deuteronomy 8:12	Lest when thou hast eaten and art full, and hast built goodly houses, and dwelt therein;
Deuteronomy 9:2	A people great and tall, the children of the Anakims, whom thou knowest, and of whom thou hast heard say, Who can stand before the children of Anak!
Deuteronomy 9:12	And the LORD said unto me, Arise, get thee down quickly from hence; for thy people which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt have corrupted themselves; they are quickly turned aside out of the way which I commanded them; they have made them a molten image.
Deuteronomy 9:22	And at Taberah, and at Massah, and at Kibrothhattaavah, ye provoked the LORD to wrath.
Deuteronomy 10:3	And I made an ark of shittim wood, and hewed two tables of stone like unto the first, and went up into the mount, having the two tables in mine hand.
Deuteronomy 10:13	To keep the commandments of the LORD, and his statutes, which I command thee this day for thy good?
Deuteronomy 11:1	Therefore thou shalt love the LORD thy God, and keep his charge, and his statutes, and his judgments, and his commandments, alway.
Deuteronomy 11:11	But the land, whither ye go to possess it, is a land of hills and valleys, and drinketh water of the rain of heaven:
Deuteronomy 11:21	That your days may be multiplied, and the days of your children, in the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers to give them, as the days of heaven upon the earth.
Deuteronomy 11:31	For ye shall pass over Jordan to go in to possess the land which the LORD your God giveth you, and ye shall possess it, and dwell therein.
Deuteronomy 12:9	For ye are not as yet come to the rest and to the inheritance, which the LORD your God giveth you.
Deuteronomy 12:19	Take heed to thyself that thou forsake not the Levite as long as thou livest upon the earth.
Deuteronomy 12:29	When the LORD thy God shall cut off the nations from before thee, whither thou goest to possess them, and thou succeedest them, and dwellest in their land;
Deuteronomy 13:7	Namely, of the gods of the people which are round about you, nigh unto thee, or far off from thee, from the one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth;
Deuteronomy 13:17	And there shall cleave nought of the cursed thing to thine hand: that the LORD may turn from the fierceness of his anger, and show thee mercy, and have compassion upon thee, and multiply thee, as he hath sworn unto thy fathers;
Deuteronomy 14:9	These ye shall eat of all that are in the waters: all that have fins and scales shall ye eat:
Deuteronomy 14:19	And every creeping thing that flieth is unclean unto you: they shall not be eaten.
Deuteronomy 14:29	And the Levite, (because he hath no part nor inheritance with thee,) and the stranger, and the fatherless, and the widow, which are within thy gates, shall come, and shall eat and be satisfied; that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hand which thou doest.
Deuteronomy 15:10	Thou shalt surely give him, and thine heart shall not be grieved when thou givest unto him: because that for this thing the LORD thy God shall bless thee in all thy works, and in all that thou puttest thine hand unto.
Deuteronomy 15:20	Thou shalt eat it before the LORD thy God year by year in the place which the LORD shall choose, thou and thy household.
Deuteronomy 16:7	And thou shalt roast and eat it in the place which the LORD thy God shall choose: and thou shalt turn in the morning, and go unto thy tents.
Deuteronomy 16:17	Every man shall give as he is able, according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee.
Deuteronomy 17:5	Then shalt thou bring forth that man or that woman, which have committed that wicked thing, unto thy gates, even that man or that woman, and shalt stone them with stones, till they die.
Deuteronomy 17:15	Thou shalt in any wise set him king over thee, whom the LORD thy God shall choose: one from among thy brethren shalt thou set king over thee: thou mayest not set a stranger over thee, which is not thy brother.
Deuteronomy 18:5	For the LORD thy God hath chosen him out of all thy tribes, to stand to minister in the name of the LORD, him and his sons for ever.
Deuteronomy 18:15	The LORD thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet from the midst of thee, of thy brethren, like unto me; unto him ye shall hearken;
Deuteronomy 19:3	Thou shalt prepare thee a way, and divide the coasts of thy land, which the LORD thy God giveth thee to inherit, into three parts, that every slayer may flee thither.
Deuteronomy 19:13	Thine eye shall not pity him, but thou shalt put away the guilt of innocent blood from Israel, that it may go well with thee.
Deuteronomy 20:2	And it shall be, when ye are come nigh unto the battle, that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people,
Deuteronomy 20:12	And if it will make no peace with thee, but will make war against thee, then thou shalt besiege it:
Deuteronomy 21:2	Then thy elders and thy judges shall come forth, and they shall measure unto the cities which are round about him that is slain:
Deuteronomy 21:12	Then thou shalt bring her home to thine house, and she shall shave her head, and pare her nails;
Deuteronomy 21:22	And if a man have committed a sin worthy of death, and he be to be put to death, and thou hang him on a tree:
Deuteronomy 22:9	Thou shalt not sow thy vineyard with divers seeds: lest the fruit of thy seed which thou hast sown, and the fruit of thy vineyard, be defiled.
Deuteronomy 22:19	And they shall amerce him in an hundred shekels of silver, and give them unto the father of the damsel, because he hath brought up an evil name upon a virgin of Israel: and she shall be his wife; he may not put her away all his days.
Deuteronomy 22:29	Then the man that lay with her shall give unto the damsel's father fifty shekels of silver, and she shall be his wife; because he hath humbled her, he may not put her away all his days.
Deuteronomy 23:9	When the host goeth forth against thine enemies, then keep thee from every wicked thing.
Deuteronomy 23:19	Thou shalt not lend upon usury to thy brother; usury of money, usury of victuals, usury of any thing that is lent upon usury:
Deuteronomy 24:4	Her former husband, which sent her away, may not take her again to be his wife, after that she is defiled; for that is abomination before the LORD: and thou shalt not cause the land to sin, which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance.
Deuteronomy 24:14	Thou shalt not oppress an hired servant that is poor and needy, whether he be of thy brethren, or of thy strangers that are in thy land within thy gates:
Deuteronomy 25:2	And it shall be, if the wicked man be worthy to be beaten, that the judge shall cause him to lie down, and to be beaten before his face, according to his fault, by a certain number.
Deuteronomy 25:12	Then thou shalt cut off her hand, thine eye shall not pity her.
Deuteronomy 26:3	And thou shalt go unto the priest that shall be in those days, and say unto him, I profess this day unto the LORD thy God, that I am come unto the country which the LORD sware unto our fathers for to give us.
Deuteronomy 26:13	Then thou shalt say before the LORD thy God, I have brought away the hallowed things out of mine house, and also have given them unto the Levite, and unto the stranger, to the fatherless, and to the widow, according to all thy commandments which thou hast commanded me: I have not transgressed thy commandments, neither have I forgotten them.
Deuteronomy 27:4	Therefore it shall be when ye be gone over Jordan, that ye shall set up these stones, which I command you this day, in mount Ebal, and thou shalt plaster them with plaster.
Deuteronomy 27:14	And the Levites shall speak, and say unto all the men of Israel with a loud voice,
Deuteronomy 27:24	Cursed be he that smiteth his neighbor secretly. And all the people shall say, Amen.
Deuteronomy 28:8	The LORD shall command the blessing upon thee in thy storehouses, and in all that thou settest thine hand unto; and he shall bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.
Deuteronomy 28:18	Cursed shall be the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy land, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep.
Deuteronomy 28:28	The LORD shall smite thee with madness, and blindness, and astonishment of heart:
Deuteronomy 28:38	Thou shalt carry much seed out into the field, and shalt gather but little in; for the locust shall consume it.
Deuteronomy 28:48	Therefore shalt thou serve thine enemies which the LORD shall send against thee, in hunger, and in thirst, and in nakedness, and in want of all things: and he shall put a yoke of iron upon thy neck, until he have destroyed thee.
Deuteronomy 28:58	If thou wilt not observe to do all the words of this law that are written in this book, that thou mayest fear this glorious and fearful name, THE LORD THY GOD;
Deuteronomy 28:68	And the LORD shall bring thee into Egypt again with ships, by the way whereof I spake unto thee, Thou shalt see it no more again: and there ye shall be sold unto your enemies for bondmen and bondwomen, and no man shall buy you.
Deuteronomy 29:10	Ye stand this day all of you before the LORD your God; your captains of your tribes, your elders, and your officers, with all the men of Israel,
Deuteronomy 29:20	The LORD will not spare him, but then the anger of the LORD and his jealousy shall smoke against that man, and all the curses that are written in this book shall lie upon him, and the LORD shall blot out his name from under heaven.
Deuteronomy 30:1	And it shall come to pass, when all these things are come upon thee, the blessing and the curse, which I have set before thee, and thou shalt call them to mind among all the nations, whither the LORD thy God hath driven thee,
Deuteronomy 30:11	For this commandment which I command thee this day, it is not hidden from thee, neither is it far off.
Deuteronomy 31:1	And Moses went and spake these words unto all Israel.
Deuteronomy 31:11	When all Israel is come to appear before the LORD thy God in the place which he shall choose, thou shalt read this law before all Israel in their hearing.
Deuteronomy 31:21	And it shall come to pass, when many evils and troubles are befallen them, that this song shall testify against them as a witness; for it shall not be forgotten out of the mouths of their seed: for I know their imagination which they go about, even now, before I have brought them into the land which I sware.
Deuteronomy 32:1	Give ear, O ye heavens, and I will speak; and hear, O earth, the words of my mouth.
Deuteronomy 32:11	As an eagle stirreth up her nest, fluttereth over her young, spreadeth abroad her wings, taketh them, beareth them on her wings:
Deuteronomy 32:21	They have moved me to jealousy with that which is not God; they have provoked me to anger with their vanities: and I will move them to jealousy with those which are not a people; I will provoke them to anger with a foolish nation.
Deuteronomy 32:31	For their rock is not as our Rock, even our enemies themselves being judges.
Deuteronomy 32:41	If I whet my glittering sword, and mine hand take hold on judgment; I will render vengeance to mine enemies, and will reward them that hate me.
Deuteronomy 32:51	Because ye trespassed against me among the children of Israel at the waters of MeribahKadesh, in the wilderness of Zin; because ye sanctified me not in the midst of the children of Israel.
Deuteronomy 33:9	Who said unto his father and to his mother, I have not seen him; neither did he acknowledge his brethren, nor knew his own children: for they have observed thy word, and kept thy covenant.
Deuteronomy 33:19	They shall call the people unto the mountain; there they shall offer sacrifices of righteousness: for they shall suck of the abundance of the seas, and of treasures hid in the sand.
Deuteronomy 33:29	Happy art thou, O Israel: who is like unto thee, O people saved by the LORD, the shield of thy help, and who is the sword of thy excellency! and thine enemies shall be found liars unto thee; and thou shalt tread upon their high places.
Deuteronomy 34:10	And there arose not a prophet since in Israel like unto Moses, whom the LORD knew face to face,
Joshua 1:8	This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein: for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success.
Joshua 1:18	Whosoever he be that doth rebel against thy commandment, and will not hearken unto thy words in all that thou commandest him, he shall be put to death: only be strong and of a good courage.
Joshua 2:10	For we have heard how the LORD dried up the water of the Red sea for you, when ye came out of Egypt; and what ye did unto the two kings of the Amorites, that were on the other side Jordan, Sihon and Og, whom ye utterly destroyed.
Joshua 2:20	And if thou utter this our business, then we will be quit of thine oath which thou hast made us to swear.
Joshua 3:6	And Joshua spake unto the priests, saying, Take up the ark of the covenant, and pass over before the people. And they took up the ark of the covenant, and went before the people.
Joshua 3:16	That the waters which came down from above stood and rose up upon an heap very far from the city Adam, that is beside Zaretan: and those that came down toward the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, failed, and were cut off: and the people passed over right against Jericho.
Joshua 4:9	And Joshua set up twelve stones in the midst of Jordan, in the place where the feet of the priests which bare the ark of the covenant stood: and they are there unto this day.
Joshua 4:19	And the people came up out of Jordan on the tenth day of the first month, and encamped in Gilgal, in the east border of Jericho.
Joshua 5:5	Now all the people that came out were circumcised: but all the people that were born in the wilderness by the way as they came forth out of Egypt, them they had not circumcised.
Joshua 5:15	And the captain of the LORD's host said unto Joshua, Loose thy shoe from off thy foot; for the place whereon thou standest is holy. And Joshua did so.
Joshua 6:10	And Joshua had commanded the people, saying, Ye shall not shout, nor make any noise with your voice, neither shall any word proceed out of your mouth, until the day I bid you shout; then shall ye shout.
Joshua 6:20	So the people shouted when the priests blew with the trumpets: and it came to pass, when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, and the people shouted with a great shout, that the wall fell down flat, so that the people went up into the city, every man straight before him, and they took the city.
Joshua 7:3	And they returned to Joshua, and said unto him, Let not all the people go up; but let about two or three thousand men go up and smite Ai; and make not all the people to labor thither; for they are but few.
Joshua 7:13	Up, sanctify the people, and say, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow: for thus saith the LORD God of Israel, There is an accursed thing in the midst of thee, O Israel: thou canst not stand before thine enemies, until ye take away the accursed thing from among you.
Joshua 7:23	And they took them out of the midst of the tent, and brought them unto Joshua, and unto all the children of Israel, and laid them out before the LORD.
Joshua 8:7	Then ye shall rise up from the ambush, and seize upon the city: for the LORD your God will deliver it into your hand.
Joshua 8:17	And there was not a man left in Ai or Bethel, that went not out after Israel: and they left the city open, and pursued after Israel.
Joshua 8:27	Only the cattle and the spoil of that city Israel took for a prey unto themselves, according unto the word of the LORD which he commanded Joshua.
Joshua 9:2	That they gathered themselves together, to fight with Joshua and with Israel, with one accord.
Joshua 9:12	This our bread we took hot for our provision out of our houses on the day we came forth to go unto you; but now, behold, it is dry, and it is mouldy:
Joshua 9:22	And Joshua called for them, and he spake unto them, saying, Wherefore have ye beguiled us, saying, We are very far from you; when ye dwell among us?
Joshua 10:5	Therefore the five kings of the Amorites, the king of Jerusalem, the king of Hebron, the king of Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, the king of Eglon, gathered themselves together, and went up, they and all their hosts, and encamped before Gibeon, and made war against it.
Joshua 10:15	And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, unto the camp to Gilgal.
Joshua 10:25	And Joshua said unto them, Fear not, nor be dismayed, be strong and of good courage: for thus shall the LORD do to all your enemies against whom ye fight.
Joshua 10:35	And they took it on that day, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein he utterly destroyed that day, according to all that he had done to Lachish.
Joshua 11:2	And to the kings that were on the north of the mountains, and of the plains south of Chinneroth, and in the valley, and in the borders of Dor on the west,
Joshua 11:12	And all the cities of those kings, and all the kings of them, did Joshua take, and smote them with the edge of the sword, and he utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of the LORD commanded.
Joshua 11:22	There was none of the Anakims left in the land of the children of Israel: only in Gaza, in Gath, and in Ashdod, there remained.
Joshua 12:9	The king of Jericho, one; the king of Ai, which is beside Bethel, one;
Joshua 12:19	The king of Madon, one; the king of Hazor, one;
Joshua 13:5	And the land of the Giblites, and all Lebanon, toward the sunrising, from Baalgad under mount Hermon unto the entering into Hamath.
Joshua 13:15	And Moses gave unto the tribe of the children of Reuben inheritance according to their families.
Joshua 13:25	And their coast was Jazer, and all the cities of Gilead, and half the land of the children of Ammon, unto Aroer that is before Rabbah;
Joshua 14:2	By lot was their inheritance, as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses, for the nine tribes, and for the half tribe.
Joshua 14:12	Now therefore give me this mountain, whereof the LORD spake in that day; for thou heardest in that day how the Anakims were there, and that the cities were great and fenced: if so be the LORD will be with me, then I shall be able to drive them out, as the LORD said.
Joshua 15:7	And the border went up toward Debir from the valley of Achor, and so northward, looking toward Gilgal, that is before the going up to Adummim, which is on the south side of the river: and the border passed toward the waters of Enshemesh, and the goings out thereof were at Enrogel:
Joshua 15:17	And Othniel the son of Kenaz, the brother of Caleb, took it: and he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife.
Joshua 15:27	And Hazargaddah, and Heshmon, and Bethpalet,
Joshua 15:37	Zenan, and Hadashah, and Migdalgad,
Joshua 15:47	Ashdod with her towns and her villages, Gaza with her towns and her villages, unto the river of Egypt, and the great sea, and the border thereof:
Joshua 15:57	Cain, Gibeah, and Timnah; ten cities with their villages:
Joshua 16:4	So the children of Joseph, Manasseh and Ephraim, took their inheritance.
Joshua 17:4	And they came near before Eleazar the priest, and before Joshua the son of Nun, and before the princes, saying, The LORD commanded Moses to give us an inheritance among our brethren. Therefore according to the commandment of the LORD he gave them an inheritance among the brethren of their father.
Joshua 17:14	And the children of Joseph spake unto Joshua, saying, Why hast thou given me but one lot and one portion to inherit, seeing I am a great people, forasmuch as the LORD hath blessed me hitherto?
Joshua 18:6	Ye shall therefore describe the land into seven parts, and bring the description hither to me, that I may cast lots for you here before the LORD our God.
Joshua 18:16	And the border came down to the end of the mountain that lieth before the valley of the son of Hinnom, and which is in the valley of the giants on the north, and descended to the valley of Hinnom, to the side of Jebusi on the south, and descended to Enrogel,
Joshua 18:26	And Mizpeh, and Chephirah, and Mozah,
Joshua 19:8	And all the villages that were round about these cities to Baalathbeer, Ramath of the south. This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Simeon according to their families.
Joshua 19:18	And their border was toward Jezreel, and Chesulloth, and Shunem,
Joshua 19:28	And Hebron, and Rehob, and Hammon, and Kanah, even unto great Zidon;
Joshua 19:38	And Iron, and Migdalel, Horem, and Bethanath, and Bethshemesh; nineteen cities with their villages.
Joshua 19:48	This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Dan according to their families, these cities with their villages.
Joshua 20:7	And they appointed Kedesh in Galilee in mount Naphtali, and Shechem in mount Ephraim, and Kirjatharba, which is Hebron, in the mountain of Judah.
Joshua 21:8	And the children of Israel gave by lot unto the Levites these cities with their suburbs, as the LORD commanded by the hand of Moses.
Joshua 21:18	Anathoth with her suburbs, and Almon with her suburbs; four cities.
Joshua 21:28	And out of the tribe of Issachar, Kishon with her suburbs, Dabareh with her suburbs,
Joshua 21:38	And out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Mahanaim with her suburbs,
Joshua 22:3	Ye have not left your brethren these many days unto this day, but have kept the charge of the commandment of the LORD your God.
Joshua 22:13	And the children of Israel sent unto the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, and to the half tribe of Manasseh, into the land of Gilead, Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest,
Joshua 22:23	That we have built us an altar to turn from following the LORD, or if to offer thereon burnt offering or meat offering, or if to offer peace offerings thereon, let the LORD himself require it;
Joshua 22:33	And the thing pleased the children of Israel; and the children of Israel blessed God, and did not intend to go up against them in battle, to destroy the land wherein the children of Reuben and Gad dwelt.
Joshua 23:9	For the LORD hath driven out from before you great nations and strong: but as for you, no man hath been able to stand before you unto this day.
Joshua 24:3	And I took your father Abraham from the other side of the flood, and led him throughout all the land of Canaan, and multiplied his seed, and gave him Isaac.
Joshua 24:13	And I have given you a land for which ye did not labor, and cities which ye built not, and ye dwell in them; of the vineyards and oliveyards which ye planted not do ye eat.
Joshua 24:23	Now therefore put away, said he, the strange gods which are among you, and incline your heart unto the LORD God of Israel.
Joshua 24:33	And Eleazar the son of Aaron died; and they buried him in a hill that pertained to Phinehas his son, which was given him in mount Ephraim.
Judges 1:10	And Judah went against the Canaanites that dwelt in Hebron: (now the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba:) and they slew Sheshai, and Ahiman, and Talmai.
Judges 1:20	And they gave Hebron unto Caleb, as Moses said: and he expelled thence the three sons of Anak.
Judges 1:30	Neither did Zebulun drive out the inhabitants of Kitron, nor the inhabitants of Nahalol; but the Canaanites dwelt among them, and became tributaries.
Judges 2:4	And it came to pass, when the angel of the LORD spake these words unto all the children of Israel, that the people lifted up their voice, and wept.
Judges 2:14	And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he delivered them into the hands of spoilers that spoiled them, and he sold them into the hands of their enemies round about, so that they could not any longer stand before their enemies.
Judges 3:1	Now these are the nations which the LORD left, to prove Israel by them, even as many of Israel as had not known all the wars of Canaan;
Judges 3:11	And the land had rest forty years. And Othniel the son of Kenaz died.
Judges 3:21	And Ehud put forth his left hand, and took the dagger from his right thigh, and thrust it into his belly:
Judges 3:31	And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath, which slew of the Philistines six hundred men with an ox goad: and he also delivered Israel.
Judges 4:10	And Barak called Zebulun and Naphtali to Kedesh; and he went up with ten thousand men at his feet: and Deborah went up with him.
Judges 4:20	Again he said unto her, Stand in the door of the tent, and it shall be, when any man doth come and inquire of thee, and say, Is there any man here? that thou shalt say, No.
Judges 5:6	In the days of Shamgar the son of Anath, in the days of Jael, the highways were unoccupied, and the travellers walked through byways.
Judges 5:16	Why abodest thou among the sheepfolds, to hear the bleatings of the flocks? For the divisions of Reuben there were great searchings of heart.
Judges 5:26	She put her hand to the nail, and her right hand to the workmen's hammer; and with the hammer she smote Sisera, she smote off his head, when she had pierced and stricken through his temples.
Judges 6:5	For they came up with their cattle and their tents, and they came as grasshoppers for multitude; for both they and their camels were without number: and they entered into the land to destroy it.
Judges 6:15	And he said unto him, Oh my Lord, wherewith shall I save Israel? behold, my family is poor in Manasseh, and I am the least in my father's house.
Judges 6:25	And it came to pass the same night, that the LORD said unto him, Take thy father's young bullock, even the second bullock of seven years old, and throw down the altar of Baal that thy father hath, and cut down the grove that is by it:
Judges 6:35	And he sent messengers throughout all Manasseh; who also was gathered after him: and he sent messengers unto Asher, and unto Zebulun, and unto Naphtali; and they came up to meet them.
Judges 7:5	So he brought down the people unto the water: and the LORD said unto Gideon, Every one that lappeth of the water with his tongue, as a dog lappeth, him shalt thou set by himself; likewise every one that boweth down upon his knees to drink.
Judges 7:15	And it was so, when Gideon heard the telling of the dream, and the interpretation thereof, that he worshipped, and returned into the host of Israel, and said, Arise; for the LORD hath delivered into your hand the host of Midian.
Judges 7:25	And they took two princes of the Midianites, Oreb and Zeeb; and they slew Oreb upon the rock Oreb, and Zeeb they slew at the winepress of Zeeb, and pursued Midian, and brought the heads of Oreb and Zeeb to Gideon on the other side Jordan.
Judges 8:10	Now Zebah and Zalmunna were in Karkor, and their hosts with them, about fifteen thousand men, all that were left of all the hosts of the children of the east: for there fell an hundred and twenty thousand men that drew sword.
Judges 8:20	And he said unto Jether his firstborn, Up, and slay them. But the youth drew not his sword: for he feared, because he was yet a youth.
Judges 8:30	And Gideon had threescore and ten sons of his body begotten: for he had many wives.
Judges 9:5	And he went unto his father's house at Ophrah, and slew his brethren the sons of Jerubbaal, being threescore and ten persons, upon one stone: notwithstanding yet Jotham the youngest son of Jerubbaal was left; for he hid himself.
Judges 9:15	And the bramble said unto the trees, If in truth ye anoint me king over you, then come and put your trust in my shadow: and if not, let fire come out of the bramble, and devour the cedars of Lebanon.
Judges 9:25	And the men of Shechem set liers in wait for him in the top of the mountains, and they robbed all that came along that way by them: and it was told Abimelech.
Judges 9:35	And Gaal the son of Ebed went out, and stood in the entering of the gate of the city: and Abimelech rose up, and the people that were with him, from lying in wait.
Judges 9:45	And Abimelech fought against the city all that day; and he took the city, and slew the people that was therein, and beat down the city, and sowed it with salt.
Judges 9:55	And when the men of Israel saw that Abimelech was dead, they departed every man unto his place.
Judges 10:8	And that year they vexed and oppressed the children of Israel: eighteen years, all the children of Israel that were on the other side Jordan in the land of the Amorites, which is in Gilead.
Judges 10:18	And the people and princes of Gilead said one to another, What man is he that will begin to fight against the children of Ammon? he shall be head over all the inhabitants of Gilead.
Judges 11:10	And the elders of Gilead said unto Jephthah, The LORD be witness between us, if we do not so according to thy words.
Judges 11:20	But Sihon trusted not Israel to pass through his coast: but Sihon gathered all his people together, and pitched in Jahaz, and fought against Israel.
Judges 11:30	And Jephthah vowed a vow unto the LORD, and said, If thou shalt without fail deliver the children of Ammon into mine hands,
Judges 11:40	That the daughters of Israel went yearly to lament the daughter of Jephthah the Gileadite four days in a year.
Judges 12:10	Then died Ibzan, and was buried at Bethlehem.
Judges 13:5	For, lo, thou shalt conceive, and bear a son; and no razor shall come on his head: for the child shall be a Nazarite unto God from the womb: and he shall begin to deliver Israel out of the hand of the Philistines.
Judges 13:15	And Manoah said unto the angel of the LORD, I pray thee, let us detain thee, until we shall have made ready a kid for thee.
Judges 13:25	And the Spirit of the LORD began to move him at times in the camp of Dan between Zorah and Eshtaol.
Judges 14:10	So his father went down unto the woman: and Samson made there a feast; for so used the young men to do.
Judges 14:20	But Samson's wife was given to his companion, whom he had used as his friend.
Judges 15:10	And the men of Judah said, Why are ye come up against us? And they answered, To bind Samson are we come up, to do to him as he hath done to us.
Judges 15:20	And he judged Israel in the days of the Philistines twenty years.
Judges 16:10	And Delilah said unto Samson, Behold, thou hast mocked me, and told me lies: now tell me, I pray thee, wherewith thou mightest be bound.
Judges 16:20	And she said, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And he awoke out of his sleep, and said, I will go out as at other times before, and shake myself. And he wist not that the LORD was departed from him.
Judges 16:30	And Samson said, Let me die with the Philistines. And he bowed himself with all his might; and the house fell upon the lords, and upon all the people that were therein. So the dead which he slew at his death were more than they which he slew in his life.
Judges 17:9	And Micah said unto him, Whence comest thou? And he said unto him, I am a Levite of Bethlehemjudah, and I go to sojourn where I may find a place.
Judges 18:6	And the priest said unto them, Go in peace: before the LORD is your way wherein ye go.
Judges 18:16	And the six hundred men appointed with their weapons of war, which were of the children of Dan, stood by the entering of the gate.
Judges 18:26	And the children of Dan went their way: and when Micah saw that they were too strong for him, he turned and went back unto his house.
Judges 19:5	And it came to pass on the fourth day, when they arose early in the morning, that he rose up to depart: and the damsel's father said unto his son in law, Comfort thine heart with a morsel of bread, and afterward go your way.
Judges 19:15	And they turned aside thither, to go in and to lodge in Gibeah: and when he went in, he sat him down in a street of the city: for there was no man that took them into his house to lodging.
Judges 19:25	But the men would not hearken to him: so the man took his concubine, and brought her forth unto them; and they knew her, and abused her all the night until the morning: and when the day began to spring, they let her go.
Judges 20:5	And the men of Gibeah rose against me, and beset the house round about upon me by night, and thought to have slain me: and my concubine have they forced, that she is dead.
Judges 20:15	And the children of Benjamin were numbered at that time out of the cities twenty and six thousand men that drew sword, beside the inhabitants of Gibeah, which were numbered seven hundred chosen men.
Judges 20:25	And Benjamin went forth against them out of Gibeah the second day, and destroyed down to the ground of the children of Israel again eighteen thousand men; all these drew the sword.
Judges 20:35	And the LORD smote Benjamin before Israel: and the children of Israel destroyed of the Benjamites that day twenty and five thousand and an hundred men: all these drew the sword.
Judges 20:45	And they turned and fled toward the wilderness unto the rock of Rimmon: and they gleaned of them in the highways five thousand men; and pursued hard after them unto Gidom, and slew two thousand men of them.
Judges 21:7	How shall we do for wives for them that remain, seeing we have sworn by the LORD that we will not give them of our daughters to wives?
Judges 21:17	And they said, There must be an inheritance for them that be escaped of Benjamin, that a tribe be not destroyed out of Israel.
Ruth 1:2	And the name of the man was Elimelech, and the name of his wife Naomi, and the name of his two sons Mahlon and Chilion, Ephrathites of Bethlehemjudah. And they came into the country of Moab, and continued there.
Ruth 1:12	Turn again, my daughters, go your way; for I am too old to have an husband. If I should say, I have hope, if I should have an husband also to night, and should also bear sons;
Ruth 1:22	So Naomi returned, and Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter in law, with her, which returned out of the country of Moab: and they came to Bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest.
Ruth 2:10	Then she fell on her face, and bowed herself to the ground, and said unto him, Why have I found grace in thine eyes, that thou shouldest take knowledge of me, seeing I am a stranger?
Ruth 2:20	And Naomi said unto her daughter in law, Blessed be he of the LORD, who hath not left off his kindness to the living and to the dead. And Naomi said unto her, The man is near of kin unto us, one of our next kinsmen.
Ruth 3:7	And when Boaz had eaten and drunk, and his heart was merry, he went to lie down at the end of the heap of corn: and she came softly, and uncovered his feet, and laid her down.
Ruth 3:17	And she said, These six measures of barley gave he me; for he said to me, Go not empty unto thy mother in law.
Ruth 4:9	And Boaz said unto the elders, and unto all the people, Ye are witnesses this day, that I have bought all that was Elimelech's, and all that was Chilion's and Mahlon's, of the hand of Naomi.
Ruth 4:19	And Hezron begat Ram, and Ram begat Amminadab,
1 Samuel 1:7	And as he did so year by year, when she went up to the house of the LORD, so she provoked her; therefore she wept, and did not eat.
1 Samuel 1:17	Then Eli answered and said, Go in peace: and the God of Israel grant thee thy petition that thou hast asked of him.
1 Samuel 1:27	For this child I prayed; and the LORD hath given me my petition which I asked of him:
1 Samuel 2:9	He will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked shall be silent in darkness; for by strength shall no man prevail.
1 Samuel 2:19	Moreover his mother made him a little coat, and brought it to him from year to year, when she came up with her husband to offer the yearly sacrifice.
1 Samuel 2:29	Wherefore kick ye at my sacrifice and at mine offering, which I have commanded in my habitation; and honorest thy sons above me, to make yourselves fat with the chiefest of all the offerings of Israel my people?
1 Samuel 3:3	And ere the lamp of God went out in the temple of the LORD, where the ark of God was, and Samuel was laid down to sleep;
1 Samuel 3:13	For I have told him that I will judge his house for ever for the iniquity which he knoweth; because his sons made themselves vile, and he restrained them not.
1 Samuel 4:2	And the Philistines put themselves in array against Israel: and when they joined battle, Israel was smitten before the Philistines: and they slew of the army in the field about four thousand men.
1 Samuel 4:12	And there ran a man of Benjamin out of the army, and came to Shiloh the same day with his clothes rent, and with earth upon his head.
1 Samuel 4:22	And she said, The glory is departed from Israel: for the ark of God is taken.
1 Samuel 5:10	Therefore they sent the ark of God to Ekron. And it came to pass, as the ark of God came to Ekron, that the Ekronites cried out, saying, They have brought about the ark of the God of Israel to us, to slay us and our people.
1 Samuel 6:8	And take the ark of the LORD, and lay it upon the cart; and put the jewels of gold, which ye return him for a trespass offering, in a coffer by the side thereof; and send it away, that it may go.
1 Samuel 6:18	And the golden mice, according to the number of all the cities of the Philistines belonging to the five lords, both of fenced cities, and of country villages, even unto the great stone of Abel, whereon they set down the ark of the LORD: which stone remaineth unto this day in the field of Joshua, the Bethshemite.
1 Samuel 7:7	And when the Philistines heard that the children of Israel were gathered together to Mizpeh, the lords of the Philistines went up against Israel. And when the children of Israel heard it, they were afraid of the Philistines.
1 Samuel 7:17	And his return was to Ramah; for there was his house; and there he judged Israel; and there he built an altar unto the LORD.
1 Samuel 8:10	And Samuel told all the words of the LORD unto the people that asked of him a king.
1 Samuel 8:20	That we also may be like all the nations; and that our king may judge us, and go out before us, and fight our battles.
1 Samuel 9:8	And the servant answered Saul again, and said, Behold, I have here at hand the fourth part of a shekel of silver: that will I give to the man of God, to tell us our way.
1 Samuel 9:18	Then Saul drew near to Samuel in the gate, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, where the seer's house is.
1 Samuel 10:1	Then Samuel took a vial of oil, and poured it upon his head, and kissed him, and said, Is it not because the LORD hath anointed thee to be captain over his inheritance?
1 Samuel 10:11	And it came to pass, when all that knew him beforetime saw that, behold, he prophesied among the prophets, then the people said one to another, What is this that is come unto the son of Kish? Is Saul also among the prophets?
1 Samuel 10:21	When he had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come near by their families, the family of Matri was taken, and Saul the son of Kish was taken: and when they sought him, he could not be found.
1 Samuel 11:4	Then came the messengers to Gibeah of Saul, and told the tidings in the ears of the people: and all the people lifted up their voices, and wept.
1 Samuel 11:14	Then said Samuel to the people, Come, and let us go to Gilgal, and renew the kingdom there.
1 Samuel 12:9	And when they forgat the LORD their God, he sold them into the hand of Sisera, captain of the host of Hazor, and into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hand of the king of Moab, and they fought against them.
1 Samuel 12:19	And all the people said unto Samuel, Pray for thy servants unto the LORD thy God, that we die not: for we have added unto all our sins this evil, to ask us a king.
1 Samuel 13:4	And all Israel heard say that Saul had smitten a garrison of the Philistines, and that Israel also was had in abomination with the Philistines. And the people were called together after Saul to Gilgal.
1 Samuel 13:14	But now thy kingdom shall not continue: the LORD hath sought him a man after his own heart, and the LORD hath commanded him to be captain over his people, because thou hast not kept that which the LORD commanded thee.
1 Samuel 14:1	Now it came to pass upon a day, that Jonathan the son of Saul said unto the young man that bare his armor, Come, and let us go over to the Philistines' garrison, that is on the other side. But he told not his father.
1 Samuel 14:11	And both of them discovered themselves unto the garrison of the Philistines: and the Philistines said, Behold, the Hebrews come forth out of the holes where they had hid themselves.
1 Samuel 14:21	Moreover the Hebrews that were with the Philistines before that time, which went up with them into the camp from the country round about, even they also turned to be with the Israelites that were with Saul and Jonathan.
1 Samuel 14:31	And they smote the Philistines that day from Michmash to Aijalon: and the people were very faint.
1 Samuel 14:41	Therefore Saul said unto the LORD God of Israel, Give a perfect lot. And Saul and Jonathan were taken: but the people escaped.
1 Samuel 14:51	And Kish was the father of Saul; and Ner the father of Abner was the son of Abiel.
1 Samuel 15:9	But Saul and the people spared Agag, and the best of the sheep, and of the oxen, and of the fatlings, and the lambs, and all that was good, and would not utterly destroy them: but every thing that was vile and refuse, that they destroyed utterly.
1 Samuel 15:19	Wherefore then didst thou not obey the voice of the LORD, but didst fly upon the spoil, and didst evil in the sight of the LORD?
1 Samuel 15:29	And also the Strength of Israel will not lie nor repent: for he is not a man, that he should repent.
1 Samuel 16:4	And Samuel did that which the LORD spake, and came to Bethlehem. And the elders of the town trembled at his coming, and said, Comest thou peaceably?
1 Samuel 16:14	But the Spirit of the LORD departed from Saul, and an evil spirit from the LORD troubled him.
1 Samuel 17:1	Now the Philistines gathered together their armies to battle, and were gathered together at Shochoh, which belongeth to Judah, and pitched between Shochoh and Azekah, in Ephesdammim.
1 Samuel 17:11	When Saul and all Israel heard those words of the Philistine, they were dismayed, and greatly afraid.
1 Samuel 17:21	For Israel and the Philistines had put the battle in array, army against army.
1 Samuel 17:31	And when the words were heard which David spake, they rehearsed them before Saul: and he sent for him.
1 Samuel 17:41	And the Philistine came on and drew near unto David; and the man that bare the shield went before him.
1 Samuel 17:51	Therefore David ran, and stood upon the Philistine, and took his sword, and drew it out of the sheath thereof, and slew him, and cut off his head therewith. And when the Philistines saw their champion was dead, they fled.
1 Samuel 18:3	Then Jonathan and David made a covenant, because he loved him as his own soul.
1 Samuel 18:13	Therefore Saul removed him from him, and made him his captain over a thousand; and he went out and came in before the people.
1 Samuel 18:23	And Saul's servants spake those words in the ears of David. And David said, Seemeth it to you a light thing to be a king's son in law, seeing that I am a poor man, and lightly esteemed?
1 Samuel 19:3	And I will go out and stand beside my father in the field where thou art, and I will commune with my father of thee; and what I see, that I will tell thee.
1 Samuel 19:13	And Michal took an image, and laid it in the bed, and put a pillow of goats' hair for his bolster, and covered it with a cloth.
1 Samuel 19:23	And he went thither to Naioth in Ramah: and the Spirit of God was upon him also, and he went on, and prophesied, until he came to Naioth in Ramah.
1 Samuel 20:9	And Jonathan said, Far be it from thee: for if I knew certainly that evil were determined by my father to come upon thee, then would not I tell it thee?
1 Samuel 20:19	And when thou hast stayed three days, then thou shalt go down quickly, and come to the place where thou didst hide thyself when the business was in hand, and shalt remain by the stone Ezel.
1 Samuel 20:29	And he said, Let me go, I pray thee; for our family hath a sacrifice in the city; and my brother, he hath commanded me to be there: and now, if I have found favor in thine eyes, let me get away, I pray thee, and see my brethren. Therefore he cometh not unto the king's table.
1 Samuel 20:39	But the lad knew not any thing: only Jonathan and David knew the matter.
1 Samuel 21:7	Now a certain man of the servants of Saul was there that day, detained before the LORD; and his name was Doeg, an Edomite, the chiefest of the herdmen that belonged to Saul.
1 Samuel 22:2	And every one that was in distress, and every one that was in debt, and every one that was discontented, gathered themselves unto him; and he became a captain over them: and there were with him about four hundred men.
1 Samuel 22:12	And Saul said, Hear now, thou son of Ahitub. And he answered, Here I am, my lord.
1 Samuel 22:22	And David said unto Abiathar, I knew it that day, when Doeg the Edomite was there, that he would surely tell Saul: I have occasioned the death of all the persons of thy father's house.
1 Samuel 23:9	And David knew that Saul secretly practiced mischief against him; and he said to Abiathar the priest, Bring hither the ephod.
1 Samuel 23:19	Then came up the Ziphites to Saul to Gibeah, saying, Doth not David hide himself with us in strong holds in the wood, in the hill of Hachilah, which is on the south of Jeshimon?
1 Samuel 23:29	And David went up from thence, and dwelt in strong holds at Engedi.
1 Samuel 24:10	Behold, this day thine eyes have seen how that the LORD had delivered thee to day into mine hand in the cave: and some bade me kill thee: but mine eye spared thee; and I said, I will not put forth mine hand against my lord; for he is the LORD's anointed.
1 Samuel 24:20	And now, behold, I know well that thou shalt surely be king, and that the kingdom of Israel shall be established in thine hand.
1 Samuel 25:8	Ask thy young men, and they will show thee. Wherefore let the young men find favor in thine eyes: for we come in a good day: give, I pray thee, whatsoever cometh to thine hand unto thy servants, and to thy son David.
1 Samuel 25:18	Then Abigail made haste, and took two hundred loaves, and two bottles of wine, and five sheep ready dressed, and five measures of parched corn, and an hundred clusters of raisins, and two hundred cakes of figs, and laid them on asses.
1 Samuel 25:28	I pray thee, forgive the trespass of thine handmaid: for the LORD will certainly make my lord a sure house; because my lord fighteth the battles of the LORD, and evil hath not been found in thee all thy days.
1 Samuel 25:38	And it came to pass about ten days after, that the LORD smote Nabal, that he died.
1 Samuel 26:4	David therefore sent out spies, and understood that Saul was come in very deed.
1 Samuel 26:14	And David cried to the people, and to Abner the son of Ner, saying, Answerest thou not, Abner? Then Abner answered and said, Who art thou that criest to the king?
1 Samuel 26:24	And, behold, as thy life was much set by this day in mine eyes, so let my life be much set by in the eyes of the LORD, and let him deliver me out of all tribulation.
1 Samuel 27:9	And David smote the land, and left neither man nor woman alive, and took away the sheep, and the oxen, and the asses, and the camels, and the apparel, and returned, and came to Achish.
1 Samuel 28:7	Then said Saul unto his servants, Seek me a woman that hath a familiar spirit, that I may go to her, and inquire of her. And his servants said to him, Behold, there is a woman that hath a familiar spirit at Endor.
1 Samuel 28:17	And the LORD hath done to him, as he spake by me: for the LORD hath rent the kingdom out of thine hand, and given it to thy neighbor, even to David:
1 Samuel 29:2	And the lords of the Philistines passed on by hundreds, and by thousands: but David and his men passed on in the rearward with Achish.
1 Samuel 30:1	And it came to pass, when David and his men were come to Ziklag on the third day, that the Amalekites had invaded the south, and Ziklag, and smitten Ziklag, and burned it with fire;
1 Samuel 30:11	And they found an Egyptian in the field, and brought him to David, and gave him bread, and he did eat; and they made him drink water;
1 Samuel 30:21	And David came to the two hundred men, which were so faint that they could not follow David, whom they had made also to abide at the brook Besor: and they went forth to meet David, and to meet the people that were with him: and when David came near to the people, he saluted them.
1 Samuel 30:31	And to them which were in Hebron, and to all the places where David himself and his men were wont to haunt.
1 Samuel 31:10	And they put his armor in the house of Ashtaroth: and they fastened his body to the wall of Bethshan.
2 Samuel 1:7	And when he looked behind him, he saw me, and called unto me. And I answered, Here am I.
2 Samuel 1:17	And David lamented with this lamentation over Saul and over Jonathan his son:
2 Samuel 1:27	How are the mighty fallen, and the weapons of war perished!
2 Samuel 2:10	Ishbosheth Saul's son was forty years old when he began to reign over Israel, and reigned two years. But the house of Judah followed David.
2 Samuel 2:20	Then Abner looked behind him, and said, Art thou Asahel? And he answered, I am.
2 Samuel 2:30	And Joab returned from following Abner: and when he had gathered all the people together, there lacked of David's servants nineteen men and Asahel.
2 Samuel 3:8	Then was Abner very wroth for the words of Ishbosheth, and said, Am I a dog's head, which against Judah do show kindness this day unto the house of Saul thy father, to his brethren, and to his friends, and have not delivered thee into the hand of David, that thou chargest me to day with a fault concerning this woman?
2 Samuel 3:18	Now then do it: for the LORD hath spoken of David, saying, By the hand of my servant David I will save my people Israel out of the hand of the Philistines, and out of the hand of all their enemies.
2 Samuel 3:28	And afterward when David heard it, he said, I and my kingdom are guiltless before the LORD for ever from the blood of Abner the son of Ner:
2 Samuel 3:38	And the king said unto his servants, Know ye not that there is a prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel?
2 Samuel 4:9	And David answered Rechab and Baanah his brother, the sons of Rimmon the Beerothite, and said unto them, As the LORD liveth, who hath redeemed my soul out of all adversity,
2 Samuel 5:7	Nevertheless David took the strong hold of Zion: the same is the city of David.
2 Samuel 5:17	But when the Philistines heard that they had anointed David king over Israel, all the Philistines came up to seek David; and David heard of it, and went down to the hold.
2 Samuel 6:2	And David arose, and went with all the people that were with him from Baale of Judah, to bring up from thence the ark of God, whose name is called by the name of the LORD of hosts that dwelleth between the cherubim.
2 Samuel 6:12	And it was told king David, saying, The LORD hath blessed the house of Obededom, and all that pertaineth unto him, because of the ark of God. So David went and brought up the ark of God from the house of Obededom into the city of David with gladness.
2 Samuel 6:22	And I will yet be more vile than thus, and will be base in mine own sight: and of the maidservants which thou hast spoken of, of them shall I be had in honor.
2 Samuel 7:9	And I was with thee whithersoever thou wentest, and have cut off all thine enemies out of thy sight, and have made thee a great name, like unto the name of the great men that are in the earth.
2 Samuel 7:19	And this was yet a small thing in thy sight, O Lord GOD; but thou hast spoken also of thy servant's house for a great while to come. And is this the manner of man, O Lord GOD?
2 Samuel 7:29	Therefore now let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may continue for ever before thee: for thou, O Lord GOD, hast spoken it: and with thy blessing let the house of thy servant be blessed for ever.
2 Samuel 8:10	Then Toi sent Joram his son unto king David, to salute him, and to bless him, because he had fought against Hadadezer, and smitten him: for Hadadezer had wars with Toi. And Joram brought with him vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and vessels of brass:
2 Samuel 9:2	And there was of the house of Saul a servant whose name was Ziba. And when they had called him unto David, the king said unto him, Art thou Ziba? And he said, Thy servant is he.
2 Samuel 9:12	And Mephibosheth had a young son, whose name was Micha. And all that dwelt in the house of Ziba were servants unto Mephibosheth.
2 Samuel 10:9	When Joab saw that the front of the battle was against him before and behind, he chose of all the choice men of Israel, and put them in array against the Syrians:
2 Samuel 10:19	And when all the kings that were servants to Hadarezer saw that they were smitten before Israel, they made peace with Israel, and served them. So the Syrians feared to help the children of Ammon any more.
2 Samuel 11:10	And when they had told David, saying, Uriah went not down unto his house, David said unto Uriah, Camest thou not from thy journey? why then didst thou not go down unto thine house?
2 Samuel 11:20	And if so be that the king's wrath arise, and he say unto thee, Wherefore approached ye so nigh unto the city when ye did fight? knew ye not that they would shoot from the wall?
2 Samuel 12:3	But the poor man had nothing, save one little ewe lamb, which he had bought and nourished up: and it grew up together with him, and with his children; it did eat of his own meat, and drank of his own cup, and lay in his bosom, and was unto him as a daughter.
2 Samuel 12:13	And David said unto Nathan, I have sinned against the LORD. And Nathan said unto David, The LORD also hath put away thy sin; thou shalt not die.
2 Samuel 12:23	But now he is dead, wherefore should I fast? can I bring him back again? I shall go to him, but he shall not return to me.
2 Samuel 13:2	And Amnon was so vexed, that he fell sick for his sister Tamar; for she was a virgin; and Amnon thought it hard for him to do anything to her.
2 Samuel 13:12	And she answered him, Nay, my brother, do not force me; for no such thing ought to be done in Israel: do not thou this folly.
2 Samuel 13:22	And Absalom spake unto his brother Amnon neither good nor bad: for Absalom hated Amnon, because he had forced his sister Tamar.
2 Samuel 13:32	And Jonadab, the son of Shimeah David's brother, answered and said, Let not my lord suppose that they have slain all the young men the king's sons; for Amnon only is dead: for by the appointment of Absalom this hath been determined from the day that he forced his sister Tamar.
2 Samuel 14:3	And come to the king, and speak on this manner unto him. So Joab put the words in her mouth.
2 Samuel 14:13	And the woman said, Wherefore then hast thou thought such a thing against the people of God? for the king doth speak this thing as one which is faulty, in that the king doth not fetch home again his banished.
2 Samuel 14:23	So Joab arose and went to Geshur, and brought Absalom to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 14:33	So Joab came to the king, and told him: and when he had called for Absalom, he came to the king, and bowed himself on his face to the ground before the king: and the king kissed Absalom.
2 Samuel 15:10	But Absalom sent spies throughout all the tribes of Israel, saying, As soon as ye hear the sound of the trumpet, then ye shall say, Absalom reigneth in Hebron.
2 Samuel 15:20	Whereas thou camest but yesterday, should I this day make thee go up and down with us? seeing I go whither I may, return thou, and take back thy brethren: mercy and truth be with thee.
2 Samuel 15:30	And David went up by the ascent of mount Olivet, and wept as he went up, and had his head covered, and he went barefoot: and all the people that was with him covered every man his head, and they went up, weeping as they went up.
2 Samuel 16:3	And the king said, And where is thy master's son? And Ziba said unto the king, Behold, he abideth at Jerusalem: for he said, To day shall the house of Israel restore me the kingdom of my father.
2 Samuel 16:13	And as David and his men went by the way, Shimei went along on the hill's side over against him, and cursed as he went, and threw stones at him, and cast dust.
2 Samuel 16:23	And the counsel of Ahithophel, which he counseled in those days, was as if a man had inquired at the oracle of God: so was all the counsel of Ahithophel both with David and with Absalom.
2 Samuel 17:10	And he also that is valiant, whose heart is as the heart of a lion, shall utterly melt: for all Israel knoweth that thy father is a mighty man, and they which be with him are valiant men.
2 Samuel 17:20	And when Absalom's servants came to the woman to the house, they said, Where is Ahimaaz and Jonathan? And the woman said unto them, They be gone over the brook of water. And when they had sought and could not find them, they returned to Jerusalem.
2 Samuel 18:1	And David numbered the people that were with him, and set captains of thousands, and captains of hundreds over them.
2 Samuel 18:11	And Joab said unto the man that told him, And, behold, thou sawest him, and why didst thou not smite him there to the ground? and I would have given thee ten shekels of silver, and a girdle.
2 Samuel 18:21	Then said Joab to Cushy, Go tell the king what thou hast seen. And Cushy bowed himself unto Joab, and ran.
2 Samuel 18:31	And, behold, Cushy came; and Cushy said, Tidings, my lord the king: for the LORD hath avenged thee this day of all them that rose up against thee.
2 Samuel 19:8	Then the king arose, and sat in the gate. And they told unto all the people, saying, Behold, the king doth sit in the gate. And all the people came before the king: for Israel had fled every man to his tent.
2 Samuel 19:18	And there went over a ferry boat to carry over the king's household, and to do what he thought good. And Shimei the son of Gera fell down before the king, as he was come over Jordan;
2 Samuel 19:28	For all of my father's house were but dead men before my lord the king: yet didst thou set thy servant among them that did eat at thine own table. What right therefore have I yet to cry any more unto the king?
2 Samuel 19:38	And the king answered, Chimham shall go over with me, and I will do to him that which shall seem good unto thee: and whatsoever thou shalt require of me, that will I do for thee.
2 Samuel 20:5	So Amasa went to assemble the men of Judah: but he tarried longer than the set time which he had appointed him.
2 Samuel 20:15	And they came and besieged him in Abel of Bethmaachah, and they cast up a bank against the city, and it stood in the trench: and all the people that were with Joab battered the wall, to throw it down.
2 Samuel 20:25	And Sheva was scribe: and Zadok and Abiathar were the priests:
2 Samuel 21:9	And he delivered them into the hands of the Gibeonites, and they hanged them in the hill before the LORD: and they fell all seven together, and were put to death in the days of harvest, in the first days, in the beginning of barley harvest.
2 Samuel 21:19	And there was again a battle in Gob with the Philistines, where Elhanan the son of Jaareoregim, a Bethlehemite, slew the brother of Goliath the Gittite, the staff of whose spear was like a weaver's beam.
2 Samuel 22:7	In my distress I called upon the LORD, and cried to my God: and he did hear my voice out of his temple, and my cry did enter into his ears.
2 Samuel 22:17	He sent from above, he took me; he drew me out of many waters;
2 Samuel 22:27	With the pure thou wilt show thyself pure; and with the froward thou wilt show thyself unsavory.
2 Samuel 22:37	Thou hast enlarged my steps under me; so that my feet did not slip.
2 Samuel 22:47	The LORD liveth; and blessed be my rock; and exalted be the God of the rock of my salvation.
2 Samuel 23:6	But the sons of Belial shall be all of them as thorns thrust away, because they cannot be taken with hands:
2 Samuel 23:16	And the three mighty men brake through the host of the Philistines, and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem, that was by the gate, and took it, and brought it to David: nevertheless he would not drink thereof, but poured it out unto the LORD.
2 Samuel 23:26	Helez the Paltite, Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite,
2 Samuel 23:36	Igal the son of Nathan of Zobah, Bani the Gadite,
2 Samuel 24:7	And came to the strong hold of Tyre, and to all the cities of the Hivites, and of the Canaanites: and they went out to the south of Judah, even to Beersheba.
2 Samuel 24:17	And David spake unto the LORD when he saw the angel that smote the people, and said, Lo, I have sinned, and I have done wickedly: but these sheep, what have they done? let thine hand, I pray thee, be against me, and against my father's house.
1 Kings 1:2	Wherefore his servants said unto him, Let there be sought for my lord the king a young virgin: and let her stand before the king, and let her cherish him, and let her lie in thy bosom, that my lord the king may get heat.
1 Kings 1:12	Now therefore come, let me, I pray thee, give thee counsel, that thou mayest save thine own life, and the life of thy son Solomon.
1 Kings 1:22	And, lo, while she yet talked with the king, Nathan the prophet also came in.
1 Kings 1:32	And king David said, Call me Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada. And they came before the king.
1 Kings 1:42	And while he yet spake, behold, Jonathan the son of Abiathar the priest came; and Adonijah said unto him, Come in; for thou art a valiant man, and bringest good tidings.
1 Kings 1:52	And Solomon said, If he will show himself a worthy man, there shall not an hair of him fall to the earth: but if wickedness shall be found in him, he shall die.
1 Kings 2:9	Now therefore hold him not guiltless: for thou art a wise man, and knowest what thou oughtest to do unto him; but his hoar head bring thou down to the grave with blood.
1 Kings 2:19	Bathsheba therefore went unto king Solomon, to speak unto him for Adonijah. And the king rose up to meet her, and bowed himself unto her, and sat down on his throne, and caused a seat to be set for the king's mother; and she sat on his right hand.
1 Kings 2:29	And it was told king Solomon that Joab was fled unto the tabernacle of the LORD; and, behold, he is by the altar. Then Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, saying, Go, fall upon him.
1 Kings 2:39	And it came to pass at the end of three years, that two of the servants of Shimei ran away unto Achish son of Maachah king of Gath. And they told Shimei, saying, Behold, thy servants be in Gath.
1 Kings 3:3	And Solomon loved the LORD, walking in the statutes of David his father: only he sacrificed and burnt incense in high places.
1 Kings 3:13	And I have also given thee that which thou hast not asked, both riches, and honor: so that there shall not be any among the kings like unto thee all thy days.
1 Kings 3:23	Then said the king, The one saith, This is my son that liveth, and thy son is the dead: and the other saith, Nay; but thy son is the dead, and my son is the living.
1 Kings 4:5	And Azariah the son of Nathan was over the officers: and Zabud the son of Nathan was principal officer, and the king's friend:
1 Kings 4:15	Ahimaaz was in Naphtali; he also took Basmath the daughter of Solomon to wife:
1 Kings 4:25	And Judah and Israel dwelt safely, every man under his vine and under his fig tree, from Dan even to Beersheba, all the days of Solomon.
1 Kings 5:1	And Hiram king of Tyre sent his servants unto Solomon; for he had heard that they had anointed him king in the room of his father: for Hiram was ever a lover of David.
1 Kings 5:11	And Solomon gave Hiram twenty thousand measures of wheat for food to his household, and twenty measures of pure oil: thus gave Solomon to Hiram year by year.
1 Kings 6:3	And the porch before the temple of the house, twenty cubits was the length thereof, according to the breadth of the house; and ten cubits was the breadth thereof before the house.
1 Kings 6:13	And I will dwell among the children of Israel, and will not forsake my people Israel.
1 Kings 6:23	And within the oracle he made two cherubim of olive tree, each ten cubits high.
1 Kings 6:33	So also made he for the door of the temple posts of olive tree, a fourth part of the wall.
1 Kings 7:5	And all the doors and posts were square, with the windows: and light was against light in three ranks.
1 Kings 7:15	For he cast two pillars of brass, of eighteen cubits high apiece: and a line of twelve cubits did compass either of them about.
1 Kings 7:25	It stood upon twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the east: and the sea was set above upon them, and all their hinder parts were inward.
1 Kings 7:35	And in the top of the base was there a round compass of half a cubit high: and on the top of the base the ledges thereof and the borders thereof were of the same.
1 Kings 7:45	And the pots, and the shovels, and the basins: and all these vessels, which Hiram made to king Solomon for the house of the LORD, were of bright brass.
1 Kings 8:4	And they brought up the ark of the LORD, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and all the holy vessels that were in the tabernacle, even those did the priests and the Levites bring up.
1 Kings 8:14	And the king turned his face about, and blessed all the congregation of Israel: (and all the congregation of Israel stood;)
1 Kings 8:24	Who hast kept with thy servant David my father that thou promisedst him: thou spakest also with thy mouth, and hast fulfilled it with thine hand, as it is this day.
1 Kings 8:34	Then hear thou in heaven, and forgive the sin of thy people Israel, and bring them again unto the land which thou gavest unto their fathers.
1 Kings 8:44	If thy people go out to battle against their enemy, whithersoever thou shalt send them, and shall pray unto the LORD toward the city which thou hast chosen, and toward the house that I have built for thy name:
1 Kings 8:54	And it was so, that when Solomon had made an end of praying all this prayer and supplication unto the LORD, he arose from before the altar of the LORD, from kneeling on his knees with his hands spread up to heaven.
1 Kings 8:64	The same day did the king hallow the middle of the court that was before the house of the LORD: for there he offered burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings: because the brazen altar that was before the LORD was too little to receive the burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings.
1 Kings 9:8	And at this house, which is high, every one that passeth by it shall be astonished, and shall hiss; and they shall say, Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land, and to this house?
1 Kings 9:18	And Baalath, and Tadmor in the wilderness, in the land,
1 Kings 9:28	And they came to Ophir, and fetched from thence gold, four hundred and twenty talents, and brought it to king Solomon.
1 Kings 10:10	And she gave the king an hundred and twenty talents of gold, and of spices very great store, and precious stones: there came no more such abundance of spices as these which the queen of Sheba gave to king Solomon.
1 Kings 10:20	And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps: there was not the like made in any kingdom.
1 Kings 11:1	But king Solomon loved many strange women, together with the daughter of Pharaoh, women of the Moabites, Ammonites, Edomites, Zidonians, and Hittites:
1 Kings 11:11	Wherefore the LORD said unto Solomon, Forasmuch as this is done of thee, and thou hast not kept my covenant and my statutes, which I have commanded thee, I will surely rend the kingdom from thee, and will give it to thy servant.
1 Kings 11:21	And when Hadad heard in Egypt that David slept with his fathers, and that Joab the captain of the host was dead, Hadad said to Pharaoh, Let me depart, that I may go to mine own country.
1 Kings 11:31	And he said to Jeroboam, Take thee ten pieces: for thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, Behold, I will rend the kingdom out of the hand of Solomon, and will give ten tribes to thee:
1 Kings 11:41	And the rest of the acts of Solomon, and all that he did, and his wisdom, are they not written in the book of the acts of Solomon?
1 Kings 12:8	But he forsook the counsel of the old men, which they had given him, and consulted with the young men that were grown up with him, and which stood before him:
1 Kings 12:18	Then king Rehoboam sent Adoram, who was over the tribute; and all Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. Therefore king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem.
1 Kings 12:28	Whereupon the king took counsel, and made two calves of gold, and said unto them, It is too much for you to go up to Jerusalem: behold thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.
1 Kings 13:5	The altar also was rent, and the ashes poured out from the altar, according to the sign which the man of God had given by the word of the LORD.
1 Kings 13:15	Then he said unto him, Come home with me, and eat bread.
1 Kings 13:25	And, behold, men passed by, and saw the carcass cast in the way, and the lion standing by the carcass: and they came and told it in the city where the old prophet dwelt.
1 Kings 14:1	At that time Abijah the son of Jeroboam fell sick.
1 Kings 14:11	Him that dieth of Jeroboam in the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat: for the LORD hath spoken it.
1 Kings 14:21	And Rehoboam the son of Solomon reigned in Judah. Rehoboam was forty and one years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem, the city which the LORD did choose out of all the tribes of Israel, to put his name there. And his mother's name was Naamah an Ammonitess.
1 Kings 14:31	And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David. And his mother's name was Naamah an Ammonitess. And Abijam his son reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 15:10	And forty and one years reigned he in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Maachah, the daughter of Abishalom.
1 Kings 15:20	So Benhadad hearkened unto king Asa, and sent the captains of the hosts which he had against the cities of Israel, and smote Ijon, and Dan, and Abelbethmaachah, and all Cinneroth, with all the land of Naphtali.
1 Kings 15:30	Because of the sins of Jeroboam which he sinned, and which he made Israel sin, by his provocation wherewith he provoked the LORD God of Israel to anger.
1 Kings 16:6	So Baasha slept with his fathers, and was buried in Tirzah: and Elah his son reigned in his stead.
1 Kings 16:16	And the people that were encamped heard say, Zimri hath conspired, and hath also slain the king: wherefore all Israel made Omri, the captain of the host, king over Israel that day in the camp.
1 Kings 16:26	For he walked in all the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin, to provoke the LORD God of Israel to anger with their vanities.
1 Kings 17:2	And the word of the LORD came unto him, saying,
1 Kings 17:12	And she said, As the LORD thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but an handful of meal in a barrel, and a little oil in a cruse: and, behold, I am gathering two sticks, that I may go in and dress it for me and my son, that we may eat it, and die.
1 Kings 17:22	And the LORD heard the voice of Elijah; and the soul of the child came into him again, and he revived.
1 Kings 18:8	And he answered him, I am: go, tell thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here.
1 Kings 18:18	And he answered, I have not troubled Israel; but thou, and thy father's house, in that ye have forsaken the commandments of the LORD, and thou hast followed Baalim.
1 Kings 18:28	And they cried aloud, and cut themselves after their manner with knives and lancets, till the blood gushed out upon them.
1 Kings 18:38	Then the fire of the LORD fell, and consumed the burnt sacrifice, and the wood, and the stones, and the dust, and licked up the water that was in the trench.
1 Kings 19:2	Then Jezebel sent a messenger unto Elijah, saying, So let the gods do to me, and more also, if I make not thy life as the life of one of them by to morrow about this time.
1 Kings 19:12	And after the earthquake a fire; but the LORD was not in the fire: and after the fire a still small voice.
1 Kings 20:1	And Benhadad the king of Syria gathered all his host together: and there were thirty and two kings with him, and horses, and chariots; and he went up and besieged Samaria, and warred against it.
1 Kings 20:11	And the king of Israel answered and said, Tell him, Let not him that girdeth on his harness boast himself as he that putteth it off.
1 Kings 20:21	And the king of Israel went out, and smote the horses and chariots, and slew the Syrians with a great slaughter.
1 Kings 20:31	And his servants said unto him, Behold now, we have heard that the kings of the house of Israel are merciful kings: let us, I pray thee, put sackcloth on our loins, and ropes upon our heads, and go out to the king of Israel: peradventure he will save thy life.
1 Kings 20:41	And he hasted, and took the ashes away from his face; and the king of Israel discerned him that he was of the prophets.
1 Kings 21:8	So she wrote letters in Ahab's name, and sealed them with his seal, and sent the letters unto the elders and to the nobles that were in his city, dwelling with Naboth.
1 Kings 21:18	Arise, go down to meet Ahab king of Israel, which is in Samaria: behold, he is in the vineyard of Naboth, whither he is gone down to possess it.
1 Kings 21:28	And the word of the LORD came to Elijah the Tishbite, saying,
1 Kings 22:9	Then the king of Israel called an officer, and said, Hasten hither Micaiah the son of Imlah.
1 Kings 22:19	And he said, Hear thou therefore the word of the LORD: I saw the LORD sitting on his throne, and all the host of heaven standing by him on his right hand and on his left.
1 Kings 22:29	So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to Ramothgilead.
1 Kings 22:39	Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the ivory house which he made, and all the cities that he built, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
1 Kings 22:49	Then said Ahaziah the son of Ahab unto Jehoshaphat, Let my servants go with thy servants in the ships. But Jehoshaphat would not.
2 Kings 1:6	And they said unto him, There came a man up to meet us, and said unto us, Go, turn again unto the king that sent you, and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Is it not because there is not a God in Israel, that thou sendest to enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron? therefore thou shalt not come down from that bed on which thou art gone up, but shalt surely die.
2 Kings 1:16	And he said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Forasmuch as thou hast sent messengers to enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron, is it not because there is no God in Israel to enquire of his word? therefore thou shalt not come down off that bed on which thou art gone up, but shalt surely die.
2 Kings 2:8	And Elijah took his mantle, and wrapped it together, and smote the waters, and they were divided hither and thither, so that they two went over on dry ground.
2 Kings 2:18	And when they came again to him, (for he tarried at Jericho,) he said unto them, Did I not say unto you, Go not?
2 Kings 3:3	Nevertheless he cleaved unto the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, which made Israel to sin; he departed not therefrom.
2 Kings 3:13	And Elisha said unto the king of Israel, What have I to do with thee? get thee to the prophets of thy father, and to the prophets of thy mother. And the king of Israel said unto him, Nay: for the LORD hath called these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of Moab.
2 Kings 3:23	And they said, This is blood: the kings are surely slain, and they have smitten one another: now therefore, Moab, to the spoil.
2 Kings 4:6	And it came to pass, when the vessels were full, that she said unto her son, Bring me yet a vessel. And he said unto her, There is not a vessel more. And the oil stayed.
2 Kings 4:16	And he said, About this season, according to the time of life, thou shalt embrace a son. And she said, Nay, my lord, thou man of God, do not lie unto thine handmaid.
2 Kings 4:26	Run now, I pray thee, to meet her, and say unto her, Is it well with thee? is it well with thy husband? is it well with the child? And she answered, It is well:
2 Kings 4:36	And he called Gehazi, and said, Call this Shunammite. So he called her. And when she was come in unto him, he said, Take up thy son.
2 Kings 5:2	And the Syrians had gone out by companies, and had brought away captive out of the land of Israel a little maid; and she waited on Naaman's wife.
2 Kings 5:12	Are not Abana and Pharpar, rivers of Damascus, better than all the waters of Israel? may I not wash in them, and be clean? So he turned and went away in a rage.
2 Kings 5:22	And he said, All is well. My master hath sent me, saying, Behold, even now there be come to me from mount Ephraim two young men of the sons of the prophets: give them, I pray thee, a talent of silver, and two changes of garments.
2 Kings 6:5	But as one was felling a beam, the axe head fell into the water: and he cried, and said, Alas, master! for it was borrowed.
2 Kings 6:15	And when the servant of the man of God was risen early, and gone forth, behold, an host compassed the city both with horses and chariots. And his servant said unto him, Alas, my master! how shall we do?
2 Kings 6:25	And there was a great famine in Samaria: and, behold, they besieged it, until an ass's head was sold for fourscore pieces of silver, and the fourth part of a cab of dove's dung for five pieces of silver.
2 Kings 7:2	Then a lord on whose hand the king leaned answered the man of God, and said, Behold, if the LORD would make windows in heaven, might this thing be? And he said, Behold, thou shalt see it with thine eyes, but shalt not eat thereof.
2 Kings 7:12	And the king arose in the night, and said unto his servants, I will now show you what the Syrians have done to us. They know that we be hungry; therefore are they gone out of the camp to hide themselves in the field, saying, When they come out of the city, we shall catch them alive, and get into the city.
2 Kings 8:2	And the woman arose, and did after the saying of the man of God: and she went with her household, and sojourned in the land of the Philistines seven years.
2 Kings 8:12	And Hazael said, Why weepeth my lord? And he answered, Because I know the evil that thou wilt do unto the children of Israel: their strong holds wilt thou set on fire, and their young men wilt thou slay with the sword, and wilt dash their children, and rip up their women with child.
2 Kings 8:22	Yet Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah unto this day. Then Libnah revolted at the same time.
2 Kings 9:3	Then take the box of oil, and pour it on his head, and say, Thus saith the LORD, I have anointed thee king over Israel. Then open the door, and flee, and tarry not.
2 Kings 9:13	Then they hasted, and took every man his garment, and put it under him on the top of the stairs, and blew with trumpets, saying, Jehu is king.
2 Kings 9:23	And Joram turned his hands, and fled, and said to Ahaziah, There is treachery, O Ahaziah.
2 Kings 9:33	And he said, Throw her down. So they threw her down: and some of her blood was sprinkled on the wall, and on the horses: and he trode her under foot.
2 Kings 10:6	Then he wrote a letter the second time to them, saying, If ye be mine, and if ye will hearken unto my voice, take ye the heads of the men your master's sons, and come to me to Jezreel by to morrow this time. Now the king's sons, being seventy persons, were with the great men of the city, which brought them up.
2 Kings 10:16	And he said, Come with me, and see my zeal for the LORD. So they made him ride in his chariot.
2 Kings 10:26	And they brought forth the images out of the house of Baal, and burned them.
2 Kings 10:36	And the time that Jehu reigned over Israel in Samaria was twenty and eight years.
2 Kings 11:10	And to the captains over hundreds did the priest give king David's spears and shields, that were in the temple of the LORD.
2 Kings 11:20	And all the people of the land rejoiced, and the city was in quiet: and they slew Athaliah with the sword beside the king's house.
2 Kings 12:9	But Jehoiada the priest took a chest, and bored a hole in the lid of it, and set it beside the altar, on the right side as one cometh into the house of the LORD: and the priests that kept the door put therein all the money that was brought into the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 12:19	And the rest of the acts of Joash, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 13:8	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoahaz, and all that he did, and his might, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
2 Kings 13:18	And he said, Take the arrows. And he took them. And he said unto the king of Israel, Smite upon the ground. And he smote thrice, and stayed.
2 Kings 14:3	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, yet not like David his father: he did according to all things as Joash his father did.
2 Kings 14:13	And Jehoash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash the son of Ahaziah, at Bethshemesh, and came to Jerusalem, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim unto the corner gate, four hundred cubits.
2 Kings 14:23	In the fifteenth year of Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah Jeroboam the son of Joash king of Israel began to reign in Samaria, and reigned forty and one years.
2 Kings 15:4	Save that the high places were not removed: the people sacrificed and burnt incense still on the high places.
2 Kings 15:14	For Menahem the son of Gadi went up from Tirzah, and came to Samaria, and smote Shallum the son of Jabesh in Samaria, and slew him, and reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 15:24	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.
2 Kings 15:34	And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD: he did according to all that his father Uzziah had done.
2 Kings 16:6	At that time Rezin king of Syria recovered Elath to Syria, and drave the Jews from Elath: and the Syrians came to Elath, and dwelt there unto this day.
2 Kings 16:16	Thus did Urijah the priest, according to all that king Ahaz commanded.
2 Kings 17:6	In the ninth year of Hoshea the king of Assyria took Samaria, and carried Israel away into Assyria, and placed them in Halah and in Habor by the river of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes.
2 Kings 17:16	And they left all the commandments of the LORD their God, and made them molten images, even two calves, and made a grove, and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served Baal.
2 Kings 17:26	Wherefore they spake to the king of Assyria, saying, The nations which thou hast removed, and placed in the cities of Samaria, know not the manner of the God of the land: therefore he hath sent lions among them, and, behold, they slay them, because they know not the manner of the God of the land.
2 Kings 17:36	But the LORD, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with great power and a stretched out arm, him shall ye fear, and him shall ye worship, and to him shall ye do sacrifice.
2 Kings 18:5	He trusted in the LORD God of Israel; so that after him was none like him among all the kings of Judah, nor any that were before him.
2 Kings 18:15	And Hezekiah gave him all the silver that was found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king's house.
2 Kings 18:25	Am I now come up without the LORD against this place to destroy it? The LORD said to me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.
2 Kings 18:35	Who are they among all the gods of the countries, that have delivered their country out of mine hand, that the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of mine hand?
2 Kings 19:8	So Rabshakeh returned, and found the king of Assyria warring against Libnah: for he had heard that he was departed from Lachish.
2 Kings 19:18	And have cast their gods into the fire: for they were no gods, but the work of men's hands, wood and stone: therefore they have destroyed them.
2 Kings 19:28	Because thy rage against me and thy tumult is come up into mine ears, therefore I will put my hook in thy nose, and my bridle in thy lips, and I will turn thee back by the way by which thou camest.
2 Kings 20:1	In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz came to him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order; for thou shalt die, and not live.
2 Kings 20:11	And Isaiah the prophet cried unto the LORD: and he brought the shadow ten degrees backward, by which it had gone down in the dial of Ahaz.
2 Kings 20:21	And Hezekiah slept with his fathers: and Manasseh his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 21:10	And the LORD spake by his servants the prophets, saying,
2 Kings 21:20	And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as his father Manasseh did.
2 Kings 22:4	Go up to Hilkiah the high priest, that he may sum the silver which is brought into the house of the LORD, which the keepers of the door have gathered of the people:
2 Kings 22:14	So Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam, and Achbor, and Shaphan, and Asahiah, went unto Huldah the prophetess, the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvah, the son of Harhas, keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college;) and they communed with her.
2 Kings 23:4	And the king commanded Hilkiah the high priest, and the priests of the second order, and the keepers of the door, to bring forth out of the temple of the LORD all the vessels that were made for Baal, and for the grove, and for all the host of heaven: and he burned them without Jerusalem in the fields of Kidron, and carried the ashes of them unto Bethel.
2 Kings 23:14	And he brake in pieces the images, and cut down the groves, and filled their places with the bones of men.
2 Kings 23:24	Moreover the workers with familiar spirits, and the wizards, and the images, and the idols, and all the abominations that were spied in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem, did Josiah put away, that he might perform the words of the law which were written in the book that Hilkiah the priest found in the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 23:34	And Pharaohnechoh made Eliakim the son of Josiah king in the room of Josiah his father, and turned his name to Jehoiakim, and took Jehoahaz away: and he came to Egypt, and died there.
2 Kings 24:7	And the king of Egypt came not again any more out of his land: for the king of Babylon had taken from the river of Egypt unto the river Euphrates all that pertained to the king of Egypt.
2 Kings 24:17	And the king of Babylon made Mattaniah his father's brother king in his stead, and changed his name to Zedekiah.
2 Kings 25:7	And they slew the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes, and put out the eyes of Zedekiah, and bound him with fetters of brass, and carried him to Babylon.
2 Kings 25:17	The height of the one pillar was eighteen cubits, and the chapiter upon it was brass: and the height of the chapiter three cubits; and the wreathed work, and pomegranates upon the chapiter round about, all of brass: and like unto these had the second pillar with wreathed work.
2 Kings 25:27	And it came to pass in the seven and thirtieth year of the captivity of Jehoiachin king of Judah, in the twelfth month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, that Evilmerodach king of Babylon in the year that he began to reign did lift up the head of Jehoiachin king of Judah out of prison;
1 Chronicles 1:7	And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.
1 Chronicles 1:17	The sons of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram, and Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Meshech.
1 Chronicles 1:27	Abram; the same is Abraham.
1 Chronicles 1:37	The sons of Reuel; Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah.
1 Chronicles 1:47	And when Hadad was dead, Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 2:3	The sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah: which three were born unto him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess. And Er, the firstborn of Judah, was evil in the sight of the LORD; and he slew him.
1 Chronicles 2:13	And Jesse begat his firstborn Eliab, and Abinadab the second, and Shimma the third,
1 Chronicles 2:23	And he took Geshur, and Aram, with the towns of Jair, from them, with Kenath, and the towns thereof, even threescore cities. All these belonged to the sons of Machir the father of Gilead.
1 Chronicles 2:33	And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons of Jerahmeel.
1 Chronicles 2:43	And the sons of Hebron; Korah, and Tappuah, and Rekem, and Shema.
1 Chronicles 2:53	And the families of Kirjathjearim; the Ithrites, and the Puhites, and the Shumathites, and the Mishraites; of them came the Zareathites, and the Eshtaulites,
1 Chronicles 3:8	And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphelet, nine.
1 Chronicles 3:18	Malchiram also, and Pedaiah, and Shenazar, Jecamiah, Hoshama, and Nedabiah.
1 Chronicles 4:4	And Penuel the father of Gedor, and Ezer the father of Hushah. These are the sons of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah, the father of Bethlehem.
1 Chronicles 4:14	And Meonothai begat Ophrah: and Seraiah begat Joab, the father of the valley of Charashim; for they were craftsmen.
1 Chronicles 4:24	The sons of Simeon were, Nemuel, and Jamin, Jarib, Zerah, and Shaul:
1 Chronicles 4:34	And Meshobab, and Jamlech, and Joshah, the son of Amaziah,
1 Chronicles 5:1	Now the sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel, (for he was the firstborn; but forasmuch as he defiled his father's bed, his birthright was given unto the sons of Joseph the son of Israel: and the genealogy is not to be reckoned after the birthright.
1 Chronicles 5:11	And the children of Gad dwelt over against them, in the land of Bashan unto Salcah:
1 Chronicles 5:21	And they took away their cattle; of their camels fifty thousand, and of sheep two hundred and fifty thousand, and of asses two thousand, and of men an hundred thousand.
1 Chronicles 6:5	And Abishua begat Bukki, and Bukki begat Uzzi,
1 Chronicles 6:15	And Jehozadak went into captivity, when the LORD carried away Judah and Jerusalem by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar.
1 Chronicles 6:25	And the sons of Elkanah; Amasai, and Ahimoth.
1 Chronicles 6:35	The son of Zuph, the son of Elkanah, the son of Mahath, the son of Amasai,
1 Chronicles 6:45	The son of Hashabiah, the son of Amaziah, the son of Hilkiah,
1 Chronicles 6:55	And they gave them Hebron in the land of Judah, and the suburbs thereof round about it.
1 Chronicles 6:65	And they gave by lot out of the tribe of the children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, and out of the tribe of the children of Benjamin, these cities, which are called by their names.
1 Chronicles 6:75	And Hukok with her suburbs, and Rehob with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 7:4	And with them, by their generations, after the house of their fathers, were bands of soldiers for war, six and thirty thousand men: for they had many wives and sons.
1 Chronicles 7:14	The sons of Manasseh; Ashriel, whom she bare: (but his concubine the Aramitess bare Machir the father of Gilead:
1 Chronicles 7:24	(And his daughter was Sherah, who built Bethhoron the nether, and the upper, and Uzzensherah.)
1 Chronicles 7:34	And the sons of Shamer; Ahi, and Rohgah, Jehubbah, and Aram.
1 Chronicles 8:4	And Abishua, and Naaman, and Ahoah,
1 Chronicles 8:14	And Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth,
1 Chronicles 8:24	And Hananiah, and Elam, and Antothijah,
1 Chronicles 8:34	And the son of Jonathan was Meribbaal; and Meribbaal begat Micah.
1 Chronicles 9:4	Uthai the son of Ammihud, the son of Omri, the son of Imri, the son of Bani, of the children of Pharez the son of Judah.
1 Chronicles 9:14	And of the Levites; Shemaiah the son of Hasshub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, of the sons of Merari;
1 Chronicles 9:24	In four quarters were the porters, toward the east, west, north, and south.
1 Chronicles 9:34	These chief fathers of the Levites were chief throughout their generations; these dwelt at Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 9:44	And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan: these were the sons of Azel.
1 Chronicles 10:10	And they put his armor in the house of their gods, and fastened his head in the temple of Dagon.
1 Chronicles 11:6	And David said, Whosoever smiteth the Jebusites first shall be chief and captain. So Joab the son of Zeruiah went first up, and was chief.
1 Chronicles 11:16	And David was then in the hold, and the Philistines' garrison was then at Bethlehem.
1 Chronicles 11:26	Also the valiant men of the armies were, Asahel the brother of Joab, Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem,
1 Chronicles 11:36	Hepher the Mecherathite, Ahijah the Pelonite,
1 Chronicles 11:46	Eliel the Mahavite, and Jeribai, and Joshaviah, the sons of Elnaam, and Ithmah the Moabite,
1 Chronicles 12:9	Ezer the first, Obadiah the second, Eliab the third,
1 Chronicles 12:19	And there fell some of Manasseh to David, when he came with the Philistines against Saul to battle: but they helped them not: for the lords of the Philistines upon advisement sent him away, saying, He will fall to his master Saul to the jeopardy of our heads.
1 Chronicles 12:29	And of the children of Benjamin, the kindred of Saul, three thousand: for hitherto the greatest part of them had kept the ward of the house of Saul.
1 Chronicles 12:39	And there they were with David three days, eating and drinking: for their brethren had prepared for them.
1 Chronicles 13:9	And when they came unto the threshingfloor of Chidon, Uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark; for the oxen stumbled.
1 Chronicles 14:5	And Ibhar, and Elishua, and Elpalet,
1 Chronicles 14:15	And it shall be, when thou shalt hear a sound of going in the tops of the mulberry trees, that then thou shalt go out to battle: for God is gone forth before thee to smite the host of the Philistines.
1 Chronicles 15:8	Of the sons of Elizaphan; Shemaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred:
1 Chronicles 15:18	And with them their brethren of the second degree, Zechariah, Ben, and Jaaziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, Eliab, and Benaiah, and Maaseiah, and Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, the porters.
1 Chronicles 15:28	Thus all Israel brought up the ark of the covenant of the LORD with shouting, and with sound of the cornet, and with trumpets, and with cymbals, making a noise with psalteries and harps.
1 Chronicles 16:9	Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him, talk ye of all his wondrous works.
1 Chronicles 16:19	When ye were but few, even a few, and strangers in it.
1 Chronicles 16:29	Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name: bring an offering, and come before him: worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness.
1 Chronicles 16:39	And Zadok the priest, and his brethren the priests, before the tabernacle of the LORD in the high place that was at Gibeon,
1 Chronicles 17:6	Wheresoever I have walked with all Israel, spake I a word to any of the judges of Israel, whom I commanded to feed my people, saying, Why have ye not built me an house of cedars?
1 Chronicles 17:16	And David the king came and sat before the LORD, and said, Who am I, O LORD God, and what is mine house, that thou hast brought me hitherto?
1 Chronicles 17:26	And now, LORD, thou art God, and hast promised this goodness unto thy servant:
1 Chronicles 18:9	Now when Tou king of Hamath heard how David had smitten all the host of Hadarezer king of Zobah;
1 Chronicles 19:2	And David said, I will show kindness unto Hanun the son of Nahash, because his father showed kindness to me. And David sent messengers to comfort him concerning his father. So the servants of David came into the land of the children of Ammon to Hanun, to comfort him.
1 Chronicles 19:12	And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will help thee.
1 Chronicles 20:3	And he brought out the people that were in it, and cut them with saws, and with harrows of iron, and with axes. Even so dealt David with all the cities of the children of Ammon. And David and all the people returned to Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 21:5	And Joab gave the sum of the number of the people unto David. And all they of Israel were a thousand thousand and an hundred thousand men that drew sword: and Judah was four hundred threescore and ten thousand men that drew sword.
1 Chronicles 21:15	And God sent an angel unto Jerusalem to destroy it: and as he was destroying, the LORD beheld, and he repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed, It is enough, stay now thine hand. And the angel of the LORD stood by the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite.
1 Chronicles 21:25	So David gave to Ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight.
1 Chronicles 22:5	And David said, Solomon my son is young and tender, and the house that is to be builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnificent, of fame and of glory throughout all countries: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his death.
1 Chronicles 22:15	Moreover there are workmen with thee in abundance, hewers and workers of stone and timber, and all manner of cunning men for every manner of work.
1 Chronicles 23:6	And David divided them into courses among the sons of Levi, namely, Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
1 Chronicles 23:16	Of the sons of Gershom, Shebuel was the chief.
1 Chronicles 23:26	And also unto the Levites; they shall no more carry the tabernacle, nor any vessels of it for the service thereof.
1 Chronicles 24:4	And there were more chief men found of the sons of Eleazar than of the sons of Ithamar, and thus were they divided. Among the sons of Eleazar there were sixteen chief men of the house of their fathers, and eight among the sons of Ithamar according to the house of their fathers.
1 Chronicles 24:14	The fifteenth to Bilgah, the sixteenth to Immer,
1 Chronicles 24:24	Of the sons of Uzziel; Michah: of the sons of Michah; Shamir.
1 Chronicles 25:3	Of Jeduthun: the sons of Jeduthun; Gedaliah, and Zeri, and Jeshaiah, Hashabiah, and Mattithiah, six, under the hands of their father Jeduthun, who prophesied with a harp, to give thanks and to praise the LORD.
1 Chronicles 25:13	The sixth to Bukkiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 25:23	The sixteenth to Hananiah, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve:
1 Chronicles 26:2	And the sons of Meshelemiah were, Zechariah the firstborn, Jediael the second, Zebadiah the third, Jathniel the fourth,
1 Chronicles 26:12	Among these were the divisions of the porters, even among the chief men, having wards one against another, to minister in the house of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 26:22	The sons of Jehieli; Zetham, and Joel his brother, which were over the treasures of the house of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 26:32	And his brethren, men of valor, were two thousand and seven hundred chief fathers, whom king David made rulers over the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, for every matter pertaining to God, and affairs of the king.
1 Chronicles 27:10	The seventh captain for the seventh month was Helez the Pelonite, of the children of Ephraim: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
1 Chronicles 27:20	Of the children of Ephraim, Hoshea the son of Azaziah: of the half tribe of Manasseh, Joel the son of Pedaiah:
1 Chronicles 27:30	Over the camels also was Obil the Ishmaelite: and over the asses was Jehdeiah the Meronothite:
1 Chronicles 28:6	And he said unto me, Solomon thy son, he shall build my house and my courts: for I have chosen him to be my son, and I will be his father.
1 Chronicles 28:16	And by weight he gave gold for the tables of shewbread, for every table; and likewise silver for the tables of silver:
1 Chronicles 29:5	The gold for things of gold, and the silver for things of silver, and for all manner of work to be made by the hands of artificers. And who then is willing to consecrate his service this day unto the LORD?
1 Chronicles 29:15	For we are strangers before thee, and sojourners, as were all our fathers: our days on the earth are as a shadow, and there is none abiding.
1 Chronicles 29:25	And the LORD magnified Solomon exceedingly in the sight of all Israel, and bestowed upon him such royal majesty as had not been on any king before him in Israel.
2 Chronicles 1:5	Moreover the brazen altar, that Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, had made, he put before the tabernacle of the LORD: and Solomon and the congregation sought unto it.
2 Chronicles 1:15	And the king made silver and gold at Jerusalem as plenteous as stones, and cedar trees made he as the sycamore trees that are in the vale for abundance.
2 Chronicles 2:8	Send me also cedar trees, fir trees, and algum trees, out of Lebanon: for I know that thy servants can skill to cut timber in Lebanon; and, behold, my servants shall be with thy servants,
2 Chronicles 2:18	And he set threescore and ten thousand of them to be bearers of burdens, and fourscore thousand to be hewers in the mountain, and three thousand and six hundred overseers to set the people a work.
2 Chronicles 3:10	And in the most holy house he made two cherubim of image work, and overlaid them with gold.
2 Chronicles 4:3	And under it was the similitude of oxen, which did compass it round about: ten in a cubit, compassing the sea round about. Two rows of oxen were cast, when it was cast.
2 Chronicles 4:13	And four hundred pomegranates on the two wreaths; two rows of pomegranates on each wreath, to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were upon the pillars.
2 Chronicles 5:1	Thus all the work that Solomon made for the house of the LORD was finished: and Solomon brought in all the things that David his father had dedicated; and the silver, and the gold, and all the instruments, put he among the treasures of the house of God.
2 Chronicles 5:11	And it came to pass, when the priests were come out of the holy place: (for all the priests that were present were sanctified, and did not then wait by course:
2 Chronicles 6:7	Now it was in the heart of David my father to build an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 6:17	Now then, O LORD God of Israel, let thy word be verified, which thou hast spoken unto thy servant David.
2 Chronicles 6:27	Then hear thou from heaven, and forgive the sin of thy servants, and of thy people Israel, when thou hast taught them the good way, wherein they should walk; and send rain upon thy land, which thou hast given unto thy people for an inheritance.
2 Chronicles 6:37	Yet if they bethink themselves in the land whither they are carried captive, and turn and pray unto thee in the land of their captivity, saying, We have sinned, we have done amiss, and have dealt wickedly;
2 Chronicles 7:5	And king Solomon offered a sacrifice of twenty and two thousand oxen, and an hundred and twenty thousand sheep: so the king and all the people dedicated the house of God.
2 Chronicles 7:15	Now mine eyes shall be open, and mine ears attent unto the prayer that is made in this place.
2 Chronicles 8:3	And Solomon went to Hamathzobah, and prevailed against it.
2 Chronicles 8:13	Even after a certain rate every day, offering according to the commandment of Moses, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts, three times in the year, even in the feast of unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles.
2 Chronicles 9:5	And she said to the king, It was a true report which I heard in mine own land of thine acts, and of thy wisdom:
2 Chronicles 9:15	And king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten gold: six hundred shekels of beaten gold went to one target.
2 Chronicles 9:25	And Solomon had four thousand stalls for horses and chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen; whom he bestowed in the chariot cities, and with the king at Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 10:4	Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore ease thou somewhat the grievous servitude of thy father, and his heavy yoke that he put upon us, and we will serve thee.
2 Chronicles 10:14	And answered them after the advice of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, but I will add thereto: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
2 Chronicles 11:5	And Rehoboam dwelt in Jerusalem, and built cities for defense in Judah.
2 Chronicles 11:15	And he ordained him priests for the high places, and for the devils, and for the calves which he had made.
2 Chronicles 12:2	And it came to pass, that in the fifth year of king Rehoboam Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, because they had transgressed against the LORD,
2 Chronicles 12:12	And when he humbled himself, the wrath of the LORD turned from him, that he would not destroy him altogether: and also in Judah things went well.
2 Chronicles 13:6	Yet Jeroboam the son of Nebat, the servant of Solomon the son of David, is risen up, and hath rebelled against his lord.
2 Chronicles 13:16	And the children of Israel fled before Judah: and God delivered them into their hand.
2 Chronicles 14:4	And commanded Judah to seek the LORD God of their fathers, and to do the law and the commandment.
2 Chronicles 14:14	And they smote all the cities round about Gerar; for the fear of the LORD came upon them: and they spoiled all the cities; for there was exceeding much spoil in them.
2 Chronicles 15:9	And he gathered all Judah and Benjamin, and the strangers with them out of Ephraim and Manasseh, and out of Simeon: for they fell to him out of Israel in abundance, when they saw that the LORD his God was with him.
2 Chronicles 15:19	And there was no more war unto the five and thirtieth year of the reign of Asa.
2 Chronicles 16:10	Then Asa was wroth with the seer, and put him in a prison house; for he was in a rage with him because of this thing. And Asa oppressed some of the people the same time.
2 Chronicles 17:6	And his heart was lifted up in the ways of the LORD: moreover he took away the high places and groves out of Judah.
2 Chronicles 17:16	And next him was Amasiah the son of Zichri, who willingly offered himself unto the LORD; and with him two hundred thousand mighty men of valor.
2 Chronicles 18:7	And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he never prophesied good unto me, but always evil: the same is Micaiah the son of Imla. And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so.
2 Chronicles 18:17	And the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Did I not tell thee that he would not prophesy good unto me, but evil?
2 Chronicles 18:27	And Micaiah said, If thou certainly return in peace, then hath not the LORD spoken by me. And he said, Hearken, all ye people.
2 Chronicles 19:3	Nevertheless there are good things found in thee, in that thou hast taken away the groves out of the land, and hast prepared thine heart to seek God.
2 Chronicles 20:2	Then there came some that told Jehoshaphat, saying, There cometh a great multitude against thee from beyond the sea on this side Syria; and, behold, they be in Hazazontamar, which is Engedi.
2 Chronicles 20:12	O our God, wilt thou not judge them? for we have no might against this great company that cometh against us; neither know we what to do: but our eyes are upon thee.
2 Chronicles 20:22	And when they began to sing and to praise, the LORD set ambushments against the children of Ammon, Moab, and mount Seir, which were come against Judah; and they were smitten.
2 Chronicles 20:32	And he walked in the way of Asa his father, and departed not from it, doing that which was right in the sight of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 21:5	Jehoram was thirty and two years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 21:15	And thou shalt have great sickness by disease of thy bowels, until thy bowels fall out by reason of the sickness day by day.
2 Chronicles 22:5	He walked also after their counsel, and went with Jehoram the son of Ahab king of Israel to war against Hazael king of Syria at Ramothgilead: and the Syrians smote Joram.
2 Chronicles 23:3	And all the congregation made a covenant with the king in the house of God. And he said unto them, Behold, the king's son shall reign, as the LORD hath said of the sons of David.
2 Chronicles 23:13	And she looked, and, behold, the king stood at his pillar at the entering in, and the princes and the trumpets by the king: and all the people of the land rejoiced, and sounded with trumpets, also the singers with instruments of music, and such as taught to sing praise. Then Athaliah rent her clothes, and said, Treason, Treason.
2 Chronicles 24:2	And Joash did that which was right in the sight of the LORD all the days of Jehoiada the priest.
2 Chronicles 24:12	And the king and Jehoiada gave it to such as did the work of the service of the house of the LORD, and hired masons and carpenters to repair the house of the LORD, and also such as wrought iron and brass to mend the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 24:22	Thus Joash the king remembered not the kindness which Jehoiada his father had done to him, but slew his son. And when he died, he said, The LORD look upon it, and require it.
2 Chronicles 25:5	Moreover Amaziah gathered Judah together, and made them captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, according to the houses of their fathers, throughout all Judah and Benjamin: and he numbered them from twenty years old and above, and found them three hundred thousand choice men, able to go forth to war, that could handle spear and shield.
2 Chronicles 25:15	Wherefore the anger of the LORD was kindled against Amaziah, and he sent unto him a prophet, which said unto him, Why hast thou sought after the gods of the people, which could not deliver their own people out of thine hand?
2 Chronicles 25:25	And Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived after the death of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel fifteen years.
2 Chronicles 26:7	And God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians that dwelt in Gurbaal, and the Mehunims.
2 Chronicles 26:17	And Azariah the priest went in after him, and with him fourscore priests of the LORD, that were valiant men:
2 Chronicles 27:4	Moreover he built cities in the mountains of Judah, and in the forests he built castles and towers.
2 Chronicles 28:5	Wherefore the LORD his God delivered him into the hand of the king of Syria; and they smote him, and carried away a great multitude of them captives, and brought them to Damascus. And he was also delivered into the hand of the king of Israel, who smote him with a great slaughter.
2 Chronicles 28:15	And the men which were expressed by name rose up, and took the captives, and with the spoil clothed all that were naked among them, and arrayed them, and shod them, and gave them to eat and to drink, and anointed them, and carried all the feeble of them upon asses, and brought them to Jericho, the city of palm trees, to their brethren: then they returned to Samaria.
2 Chronicles 28:25	And in every several city of Judah he made high places to burn incense unto other gods, and provoked to anger the LORD God of his fathers.
2 Chronicles 29:8	Wherefore the wrath of the LORD was upon Judah and Jerusalem, and he hath delivered them to trouble, to astonishment, and to hissing, as ye see with your eyes.
2 Chronicles 29:18	Then they went in to Hezekiah the king, and said, We have cleansed all the house of the LORD, and the altar of burnt offering, with all the vessels thereof, and the shewbread table, with all the vessels thereof.
2 Chronicles 29:28	And all the congregation worshipped, and the singers sang, and the trumpeters sounded: and all this continued until the burnt offering was finished.
2 Chronicles 30:2	For the king had taken counsel, and his princes, and all the congregation in Jerusalem, to keep the passover in the second month.
2 Chronicles 30:12	Also in Judah the hand of God was to give them one heart to do the commandment of the king and of the princes, by the word of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 30:22	And Hezekiah spake comfortably unto all the Levites that taught the good knowledge of the LORD: and they did eat throughout the feast seven days, offering peace offerings, and making confession to the LORD God of their fathers.
2 Chronicles 31:5	And as soon as the commandment came abroad, the children of Israel brought in abundance the firstfruits of corn, wine, and oil, and honey, and of all the increase of the field; and the tithe of all things brought they in abundantly.
2 Chronicles 31:15	And next him were Eden, and Miniamin, and Jeshua, and Shemaiah, Amariah, and Shecaniah, in the cities of the priests, in their set office, to give to their brethren by courses, as well to the great as to the small:
2 Chronicles 32:4	So there was gathered much people together, who stopped all the fountains, and the brook that ran through the midst of the land, saying, Why should the kings of Assyria come, and find much water?
2 Chronicles 32:14	Who was there among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly destroyed, that could deliver his people out of mine hand, that your God should be able to deliver you out of mine hand?
2 Chronicles 32:24	In those days Hezekiah was sick to the death, and prayed unto the LORD: and he spake unto him, and he gave him a sign.
2 Chronicles 33:1	Manasseh was twelve years old when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem:
2 Chronicles 33:11	Wherefore the LORD brought upon them the captains of the host of the king of Assyria, which took Manasseh among the thorns, and bound him with fetters, and carried him to Babylon.
2 Chronicles 33:21	Amon was two and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned two years in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 34:6	And so did he in the cities of Manasseh, and Ephraim, and Simeon, even unto Naphtali, with their mattocks round about.
2 Chronicles 34:16	And Shaphan carried the book to the king, and brought the king word back again, saying, All that was committed to thy servants, they do it.
2 Chronicles 34:26	And as for the king of Judah, who sent you to enquire of the LORD, so shall ye say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel concerning the words which thou hast heard;
2 Chronicles 35:3	And said unto the Levites that taught all Israel, which were holy unto the LORD, Put the holy ark in the house which Solomon the son of David king of Israel did build; it shall not be a burden upon your shoulders: serve now the LORD your God, and his people Israel,
2 Chronicles 35:13	And they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance: but the other holy offerings sod they in pots, and in caldrons, and in pans, and divided them speedily among all the people.
2 Chronicles 35:23	And the archers shot at king Josiah; and the king said to his servants, Have me away; for I am sore wounded.
2 Chronicles 36:6	Against him came up Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and bound him in fetters, to carry him to Babylon.
2 Chronicles 36:16	But they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and misused his prophets, until the wrath of the LORD arose against his people, till there was no remedy.
Ezra 1:3	Who is there among you of all his people? his God be with him, and let him go up to Jerusalem, which is in Judah, and build the house of the LORD God of Israel, (he is the God,) which is in Jerusalem.
Ezra 2:2	Which came with Zerubbabel: Jeshua, Nehemiah, Seraiah, Reelaiah, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mizpar, Bigvai, Rehum, Baanah. The number of the men of the people of Israel:
Ezra 2:12	The children of Azgad, a thousand two hundred twenty and two.
Ezra 2:22	The men of Netophah, fifty and six.
Ezra 2:32	The children of Harim, three hundred and twenty.
Ezra 2:42	The children of the porters: the children of Shallum, the children of Ater, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, in all an hundred thirty and nine.
Ezra 2:52	The children of Bazluth, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha,
Ezra 2:62	These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but they were not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood.
Ezra 3:2	Then stood up Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brethren the priests, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brethren, and builded the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as it is written in the law of Moses the man of God.
Ezra 3:12	But many of the priests and Levites and chief of the fathers, who were ancient men, that had seen the first house, when the foundation of this house was laid before their eyes, wept with a loud voice; and many shouted aloud for joy:
Ezra 4:9	Then wrote Rehum the chancellor, and Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of their companions; the Dinaites, the Apharsathchites, the Tarpelites, the Apharsites, the Archevites, the Babylonians, the Susanchites, the Dehavites, and the Elamites,
Ezra 4:19	And I commanded, and search hath been made, and it is found that this city of old time hath made insurrection against kings, and that rebellion and sedition have been made therein.
Ezra 5:5	But the eye of their God was upon the elders of the Jews, that they could not cause them to cease, till the matter came to Darius: and then they returned answer by letter concerning this matter.
Ezra 5:15	And said unto him, Take these vessels, go, carry them into the temple that is in Jerusalem, and let the house of God be builded in his place.
Ezra 6:8	Moreover I make a decree what ye shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of this house of God: that of the king's goods, even of the tribute beyond the river, forthwith expenses be given unto these men, that they be not hindered.
Ezra 6:18	And they set the priests in their divisions, and the Levites in their courses, for the service of God, which is at Jerusalem; as it is written in the book of Moses.
Ezra 7:6	This Ezra went up from Babylon; and he was a ready scribe in the law of Moses, which the LORD God of Israel had given: and the king granted him all his request, according to the hand of the LORD his God upon him.
Ezra 7:16	And all the silver and gold that thou canst find in all the province of Babylon, with the freewill offering of the people, and of the priests, offering willingly for the house of their God which is in Jerusalem:
Ezra 7:26	And whosoever will not do the law of thy God, and the law of the king, let judgment be executed speedily upon him, whether it be unto death, or to banishment, or to confiscation of goods, or to imprisonment.
Ezra 8:8	And of the sons of Shephatiah; Zebadiah the son of Michael, and with him fourscore males.
Ezra 8:18	And by the good hand of our God upon us they brought us a man of understanding, of the sons of Mahli, the son of Levi, the son of Israel; and Sherebiah, with his sons and his brethren, eighteen;
Ezra 8:28	And I said unto them, Ye are holy unto the LORD; the vessels are holy also; and the silver and the gold are a freewill offering unto the LORD God of your fathers.
Ezra 9:2	For they have taken of their daughters for themselves, and for their sons: so that the holy seed have mingled themselves with the people of those lands: yea, the hand of the princes and rulers hath been chief in this trespass.
Ezra 9:12	Now therefore give not your daughters unto their sons, neither take their daughters unto your sons, nor seek their peace or their wealth for ever: that ye may be strong, and eat the good of the land, and leave it for an inheritance to your children for ever.
Ezra 10:7	And they made proclamation throughout Judah and Jerusalem unto all the children of the captivity, that they should gather themselves together unto Jerusalem;
Ezra 10:17	And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives by the first day of the first month.
Ezra 10:27	And of the sons of Zattu; Elioenai, Eliashib, Mattaniah, and Jeremoth, and Zabad, and Aziza.
Ezra 10:37	Mattaniah, Mattenai, and Jaasau,
Nehemiah 1:3	And they said unto me, The remnant that are left of the captivity there in the province are in great affliction and reproach: the wall of Jerusalem also is broken down, and the gates thereof are burned with fire.
Nehemiah 2:2	Wherefore the king said unto me, Why is thy countenance sad, seeing thou art not sick? this is nothing else but sorrow of heart. Then I was very sore afraid,
Nehemiah 2:12	And I arose in the night, I and some few men with me; neither told I any man what my God had put in my heart to do at Jerusalem: neither was there any beast with me, save the beast that I rode upon.
Nehemiah 3:2	And next unto him builded the men of Jericho. And next to them builded Zaccur the son of Imri.
Nehemiah 3:12	And next unto him repaired Shallum the son of Halohesh, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem, he and his daughters.
Nehemiah 3:22	And after him repaired the priests, the men of the plain.
Nehemiah 3:32	And between the going up of the corner unto the sheep gate repaired the goldsmiths and the merchants.
Nehemiah 4:10	And Judah said, The strength of the bearers of burdens is decayed, and there is much rubbish; so that we are not able to build the wall.
Nehemiah 4:20	In what place therefore ye hear the sound of the trumpet, resort ye thither unto us: our God shall fight for us.
Nehemiah 5:7	Then I consulted with myself, and I rebuked the nobles, and the rulers, and said unto them, Ye exact usury, every one of his brother. And I set a great assembly against them.
Nehemiah 5:17	Moreover there were at my table an hundred and fifty of the Jews and rulers, beside those that came unto us from among the heathen that are about us.
Nehemiah 6:8	Then I sent unto him, saying, There are no such things done as thou sayest, but thou feignest them out of thine own heart.
Nehemiah 6:18	For there were many in Judah sworn unto him, because he was the son in law of Shechaniah the son of Arah; and his son Johanan had taken the daughter of Meshullam the son of Berechiah.
Nehemiah 7:9	The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.
Nehemiah 7:19	The children of Bigvai, two thousand threescore and seven.
Nehemiah 7:29	The men of Kirjathjearim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred forty and three.
Nehemiah 7:39	The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three.
Nehemiah 7:49	The children of Hanan, the children of Giddel, the children of Gahar,
Nehemiah 7:59	The children of Shephatiah, the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Amon.
Nehemiah 7:69	Their camels, four hundred thirty and five: six thousand seven hundred and twenty asses.
Nehemiah 8:6	And Ezra blessed the LORD, the great God. And all the people answered, Amen, Amen, with lifting up their hands: and they bowed their heads, and worshipped the LORD with their faces to the ground.
Nehemiah 8:16	So the people went forth, and brought them, and made themselves booths, every one upon the roof of his house, and in their courts, and in the courts of the house of God, and in the street of the water gate, and in the street of the gate of Ephraim.
Nehemiah 9:8	And foundest his heart faithful before thee, and madest a covenant with him to give the land of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Jebusites, and the Girgashites, to give it, I say, to his seed, and hast performed thy words; for thou art righteous:
Nehemiah 9:18	Yea, when they had made them a molten calf, and said, This is thy God that brought thee up out of Egypt, and had wrought great provocations;
Nehemiah 9:28	But after they had rest, they did evil again before thee: therefore leftest thou them in the land of their enemies, so that they had the dominion over them: yet when they returned, and cried unto thee, thou heardest them from heaven; and many times didst thou deliver them according to thy mercies;
Nehemiah 9:38	And because of all this we make a sure covenant, and write it; and our princes, Levites, and priests, seal unto it.
Nehemiah 10:10	And their brethren, Shebaniah, Hodijah, Kelita, Pelaiah, Hanan,
Nehemiah 10:20	Magpiash, Meshullam, Hezir,
Nehemiah 10:30	And that we would not give our daughters unto the people of the land, not take their daughters for our sons:
Nehemiah 11:1	And the rulers of the people dwelt at Jerusalem: the rest of the people also cast lots, to bring one of ten to dwell in Jerusalem the holy city, and nine parts to dwell in other cities.
Nehemiah 11:11	Seraiah the son of Hilkiah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, was the ruler of the house of God.
Nehemiah 11:21	But the Nethinims dwelt in Ophel: and Ziha and Gispa were over the Nethinims.
Nehemiah 11:31	The children also of Benjamin from Geba dwelt at Michmash, and Aija, and Bethel, and in their villages.
Nehemiah 12:5	Miamin, Maadiah, Bilgah,
Nehemiah 12:15	Of Harim, Adna; of Meraioth, Helkai;
Nehemiah 12:25	Mattaniah, and Bakbukiah, Obadiah, Meshullam, Talmon, Akkub, were porters keeping the ward at the thresholds of the gates.
Nehemiah 12:35	And certain of the priests' sons with trumpets; namely, Zechariah the son of Jonathan, the son of Shemaiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Michaiah, the son of Zaccur, the son of Asaph:
Nehemiah 12:45	And both the singers and the porters kept the ward of their God, and the ward of the purification, according to the commandment of David, and of Solomon his son.
Nehemiah 13:8	And it grieved me sore: therefore I cast forth all the household stuff to Tobiah out of the chamber.
Nehemiah 13:18	Did not your fathers thus, and did not our God bring all this evil upon us, and upon this city? yet ye bring more wrath upon Israel by profaning the sabbath.
Nehemiah 13:28	And one of the sons of Joiada, the son of Eliashib the high priest, was son in law to Sanballat the Horonite: therefore I chased him from me.
Esther 1:7	And they gave them drink in vessels of gold, (the vessels being diverse one from another,) and royal wine in abundance, according to the state of the king.
Esther 1:17	For this deed of the queen shall come abroad unto all women, so that they shall despise their husbands in their eyes, when it shall be reported, The king Ahasuerus commanded Vashti the queen to be brought in before him, but she came not.
Esther 2:5	Now in Shushan the palace there was a certain Jew, whose name was Mordecai, the son of Jair, the son of Shimei, the son of Kish, a Benjamite;
Esther 2:15	Now when the turn of Esther, the daughter of Abihail the uncle of Mordecai, who had taken her for his daughter, was come to go in unto the king, she required nothing but what Hegai the king's chamberlain, the keeper of the women, appointed. And Esther obtained favour in the sight of all them that looked upon her.
Esther 3:2	And all the king's servants, that were in the king's gate, bowed, and reverenced Haman: for the king had so commanded concerning him. But Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence.
Esther 3:12	Then were the king's scribes called on the thirteenth day of the first month, and there was written according to all that Haman had commanded unto the king's lieutenants, and to the governors that were over every province, and to the rulers of every people of every province according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language; in the name of king Ahasuerus was it written, and sealed with the king's ring.
Esther 4:7	And Mordecai told him of all that had happened unto him, and of the sum of the money that Haman had promised to pay to the king's treasuries for the Jews, to destroy them.
Esther 4:17	So Mordecai went his way, and did according to all that Esther had commanded him.
Esther 5:10	Nevertheless Haman refrained himself: and when he came home, he sent and called for his friends, and Zeresh his wife.
Esther 6:6	So Haman came in. And the king said unto him, What shall be done unto the man whom the king delighteth to honour? Now Haman thought in his heart, To whom would the king delight to do honour more than to myself?
Esther 7:2	And the king said again unto Esther on the second day at the banquet of wine, What is thy petition, queen Esther? and it shall be granted thee: and what is thy request? and it shall be performed, even to the half of the kingdom.
Esther 8:2	And the king took off his ring, which he had taken from Haman, and gave it unto Mordecai. And Esther set Mordecai over the house of Haman.
Esther 8:12	Upon one day in all the provinces of king Ahasuerus, namely, upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month Adar.
Esther 9:5	Thus the Jews smote all their enemies with the stroke of the sword, and slaughter, and destruction, and did what they would unto those that hated them.
Esther 9:15	For the Jews that were in Shushan gathered themselves together on the fourteenth day also of the month Adar, and slew three hundred men at Shushan; but on the prey they laid not their hand.
Esther 9:25	But when Esther came before the king, he commanded by letters that his wicked device, which he devised against the Jews, should return upon his own head, and that he and his sons should be hanged on the gallows.
Esther 10:3	For Mordecai the Jew was next unto king Ahasuerus, and great among the Jews, and accepted of the multitude of his brethren, seeking the wealth of his people, and speaking peace to all his seed.
Job 1:10	Hast not thou made an hedge about him, and about his house, and about all that he hath on every side? thou hast blessed the work of his hands, and his substance is increased in the land.
Job 1:20	Then Job arose, and rent his mantle, and shaved his head, and fell down upon the ground, and worshipped,
Job 2:8	And he took him a potsherd to scrape himself withal; and he sat down among the ashes.
Job 3:5	Let darkness and the shadow of death stain it; let a cloud dwell upon it; let the blackness of the day terrify it.
Job 3:15	Or with princes that had gold, who filled their houses with silver:
Job 3:25	For the thing which I greatly feared is come upon me, and that which I was afraid of is come unto me.
Job 4:9	By the blast of God they perish, and by the breath of his nostrils are they consumed.
Job 4:19	How much less in them that dwell in houses of clay, whose foundation is in the dust, which are crushed before the moth?
Job 5:8	I would seek unto God, and unto God would I commit my cause:
Job 5:18	For he maketh sore, and bindeth up: he woundeth, and his hands make whole.
Job 6:1	But Job answered and said,
Job 6:11	What is my strength, that I should hope? and what is mine end, that I should prolong my life?
Job 6:21	For now ye are nothing; ye see my casting down, and are afraid.
Job 7:1	Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth? are not his days also like the days of an hireling?
Job 7:11	Therefore I will not refrain my mouth; I will speak in the anguish of my spirit; I will complain in the bitterness of my soul.
Job 7:21	And why dost thou not pardon my transgression, and take away my iniquity? for now shall I sleep in the dust; and thou shalt seek me in the morning, but I shall not be.
Job 8:10	Shall not they teach thee, and tell thee, and utter words out of their heart?
Job 8:20	Behold, God will not cast away a perfect man, neither will he help the evil doers:
Job 9:8	Which alone spreadeth out the heavens, and treadeth upon the waves of the sea.
Job 9:18	He will not suffer me to take my breath, but filleth me with bitterness.
Job 9:28	I am afraid of all my sorrows, I know that thou wilt not hold me innocent.
Job 10:3	Is it good unto thee that thou shouldest oppress, that thou shouldest despise the work of thine hands, and shine upon the counsel of the wicked?
Job 10:13	And these things hast thou hid in thine heart: I know that this is with thee.
Job 11:1	Then answered Zophar the Naamathite, and said,
Job 11:11	For he knoweth vain men: he seeth wickedness also; will he not then consider it?
Job 12:1	And Job answered and said,
Job 12:11	Doth not the ear try words? and the mouth taste his meat?
Job 12:21	He poureth contempt upon princes, and weakeneth the strength of the mighty.
Job 13:6	Hear now my reasoning, and hearken to the pleadings of my lips.
Job 13:16	He also shall be my salvation: for an hypocrite shall not come before him.
Job 13:26	For thou writest bitter things against me, and makest me to possess the iniquities of my youth.
Job 14:8	Though the root thereof wax old in the earth, and the stock thereof die in the ground;
Job 14:18	And surely the mountains falling cometh to nought, and the rock is removed out of his place.
Job 15:6	Thine own mouth condemneth thee, and not I: yea, thine own lips testify against thee.
Job 15:16	How much more abominable and filthy is man, which drinketh iniquity like water?
Job 15:26	He runneth upon him, even on his neck, upon the thick bosses of his bucklers:
Job 16:1	Then Job answered and said,
Job 16:11	God hath delivered me to the ungodly, and turned me over into the hands of the wicked.
Job 16:21	O that one might plead for a man with God, as a man pleadeth for his neighbour!
Job 17:9	The righteous also shall hold on his way, and he that hath clean hands shall be stronger and stronger.
Job 18:3	Wherefore are we counted as beasts, and reputed vile in your sight?
Job 18:13	It shall devour the strength of his skin: even the firstborn of death shall devour his strength.
Job 19:2	How long will ye vex my soul, and break me in pieces with words?
Job 19:12	His troops come together, and raise up their way against me, and encamp round about my tabernacle.
Job 19:22	Why do ye persecute me as God, and are not satisfied with my flesh?
Job 20:3	I have heard the check of my reproach, and the spirit of my understanding causeth me to answer.
Job 20:13	Though he spare it, and forsake it not; but keep it still within his mouth:
Job 20:23	When he is about to fill his belly, God shall cast the fury of his wrath upon him, and shall rain it upon him while he is eating.
Job 21:4	As for me, is my complaint to man? and if it were so, why should not my spirit be troubled?
Job 21:14	Therefore they say unto God, Depart from us; for we desire not the knowledge of thy ways.
Job 21:24	His breasts are full of milk, and his bones are moistened with marrow.
Job 21:34	How then comfort ye me in vain, seeing in your answers there remaineth falsehood?
Job 22:10	Therefore snares are round about thee, and sudden fear troubleth thee;
Job 22:20	Whereas our substance is not cut down, but the remnant of them the fire consumeth.
Job 22:30	He shall deliver the island of the innocent: and it is delivered by the pureness of thine hands.
Job 23:10	But he knoweth the way that I take: when he hath tried me, I shall come forth as gold.
Job 24:3	They drive away the ass of the fatherless, they take the widow's ox for a pledge.
Job 24:13	They are of those that rebel against the light; they know not the ways thereof, nor abide in the paths thereof.
Job 24:23	Though it be given him to be in safety, whereon he resteth; yet his eyes are upon their ways.
Job 26:2	How hast thou helped him that is without power? how savest thou the arm that hath no strength?
Job 26:12	He divideth the sea with his power, and by his understanding he smiteth through the proud.
Job 27:8	For what is the hope of the hypocrite, though he hath gained, when God taketh away his soul?
Job 27:18	He buildeth his house as a moth, and as a booth that the keeper maketh.
Job 28:5	As for the earth, out of it cometh bread: and under it is turned up as it were fire.
Job 28:15	It cannot be gotten for gold, neither shall silver be weighed for the price thereof.
Job 28:25	To make the weight for the winds; and he weigheth the waters by measure.
Job 29:7	When I went out to the gate through the city, when I prepared my seat in the street!
Job 29:17	And I brake the jaws of the wicked, and plucked the spoil out of his teeth.
Job 30:2	Yea, whereto might the strength of their hands profit me, in whom old age was perished?
Job 30:12	Upon my right hand rise the youth; they push away my feet, and they raise up against me the ways of their destruction.
Job 30:22	Thou liftest me up to the wind; thou causest me to ride upon it, and dissolvest my substance.
Job 31:1	I made a covenant with mine eyes; why then should I think upon a maid?
Job 31:11	For this is an heinous crime; yea, it is an iniquity to be punished by the judges.
Job 31:21	If I have lifted up my hand against the fatherless, when I saw my help in the gate:
Job 31:31	If the men of my tabernacle said not, Oh that we had of his flesh! we cannot be satisfied.
Job 32:1	So these three men ceased to answer Job, because he was righteous in his own eyes.
Job 32:11	Behold, I waited for your words; I gave ear to your reasons, whilst ye searched out what to say.
Job 32:21	Let me not, I pray you, accept any man's person, neither let me give flattering titles unto man.
Job 33:9	I am clean without transgression, I am innocent; neither is there iniquity in me.
Job 33:19	He is chastened also with pain upon his bed, and the multitude of his bones with strong pain:
Job 33:29	Lo, all these things worketh God oftentimes with man,
Job 34:6	Should I lie against my right? my wound is incurable without transgression.
Job 34:16	If now thou hast understanding, hear this: hearken to the voice of my words.
Job 34:26	He striketh them as wicked men in the open sight of others;
Job 34:36	My desire is that Job may be tried unto the end because of his answers for wicked men.
Job 35:9	By reason of the multitude of oppressions they make the oppressed to cry: they cry out by reason of the arm of the mighty.
Job 36:3	I will fetch my knowledge from afar, and will ascribe righteousness to my Maker.
Job 36:13	But the hypocrites in heart heap up wrath: they cry not when he bindeth them.
Job 36:23	Who hath enjoined him his way? or who can say, Thou hast wrought iniquity?
Job 36:33	The noise thereof sheweth concerning it, the cattle also concerning the vapour.
Job 37:10	By the breath of God frost is given: and the breadth of the waters is straitened.
Job 37:20	Shall it be told him that I speak? if a man speak, surely he shall be swallowed up.
Job 38:6	Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? or who laid the corner stone thereof;
Job 38:16	Hast thou entered into the springs of the sea? or hast thou walked in the search of the depth?
Job 38:26	To cause it to rain on the earth, where no man is; on the wilderness, wherein there is no man;
Job 38:36	Who hath put wisdom in the inward parts? or who hath given understanding to the heart?
Job 39:5	Who hath sent out the wild ass free? or who hath loosed the bands of the wild ass?
Job 39:15	And forgetteth that the foot may crush them, or that the wild beast may break them.
Job 39:25	He saith among the trumpets, Ha, ha; and he smelleth the battle afar off, the thunder of the captains, and the shouting.
Job 40:5	Once have I spoken; but I will not answer: yea, twice; but I will proceed no further.
Job 40:15	Behold now behemoth, which I made with thee; he eateth grass as an ox.
Job 41:1	Canst thou draw out leviathan with an hook? or his tongue with a cord which thou lettest down?
Job 41:11	Who hath prevented me, that I should repay him? whatsoever is under the whole heaven is mine.
Job 41:21	His breath kindleth coals, and a flame goeth out of his mouth.
Job 41:31	He maketh the deep to boil like a pot: he maketh the sea like a pot of ointment.
Job 42:7	And it was so, that after the LORD had spoken these words unto Job, the LORD said to Eliphaz the Temanite, My wrath is kindled against thee, and against thy two friends: for ye have not spoken of me the thing that is right, as my servant Job hath.
Job 42:17	So Job died, being old and full of days.
Psalms 2:4	He that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh: the LORD shall have them in derision.
Psalms 3:2	Many there be which say of my soul, There is no help for him in God. Selah.
Psalms 4:4	Stand in awe, and sin not: commune with your own heart upon your bed, and be still. Selah.
Psalms 5:6	Thou shalt destroy them that speak leasing: the LORD will abhor the bloody and deceitful man.
Psalms 6:4	Return, O LORD, deliver my soul: oh save me for thy mercies' sake.
Psalms 7:4	If I have rewarded evil unto him that was at peace with me; (yea, I have delivered him that without cause is mine enemy:)
Psalms 7:14	Behold, he travaileth with iniquity, and hath conceived mischief, and brought forth falsehood.
Psalms 8:7	All sheep and oxen, yea, and the beasts of the field;
Psalms 9:8	And he shall judge the world in righteousness, he shall minister judgment to the people in uprightness.
Psalms 9:18	For the needy shall not alway be forgotten: the expectation of the poor shall not perish for ever.
Psalms 10:8	He sitteth in the lurking places of the villages: in the secret places doth he murder the innocent: his eyes are privily set against the poor.
Psalms 10:18	To judge the fatherless and the oppressed, that the man of the earth may no more oppress.
Psalms 12:3	The LORD shall cut off all flattering lips, and the tongue that speaketh proud things:
Psalms 13:5	But I have trusted in thy mercy; my heart shall rejoice in thy salvation.
Psalms 15:2	He that walketh uprightly, and worketh righteousness, and speaketh the truth in his heart.
Psalms 16:7	I will bless the LORD, who hath given me counsel: my reins also instruct me in the night seasons.
Psalms 17:6	I have called upon thee, for thou wilt hear me, O God: incline thine ear unto me, and hear my speech.
Psalms 18:1	I will love thee, O LORD, my strength.
Psalms 18:11	He made darkness his secret place; his pavilion round about him were dark waters and thick clouds of the skies.
Psalms 18:21	For I have kept the ways of the LORD, and have not wickedly departed from my God.
Psalms 18:31	For who is God save the LORD? or who is a rock save our God?
Psalms 18:41	They cried, but there was none to save them: even unto the LORD, but he answered them not.
Psalms 19:1	The heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament sheweth his handywork.
Psalms 19:11	Moreover by them is thy servant warned: and in keeping of them there is great reward.
Psalms 20:7	Some trust in chariots, and some in horses: but we will remember the name of the LORD our God.
Psalms 21:8	Thine hand shall find out all thine enemies: thy right hand shall find out those that hate thee.
Psalms 22:5	They cried unto thee, and were delivered: they trusted in thee, and were not confounded.
Psalms 22:15	My strength is dried up like a potsherd; and my tongue cleaveth to my jaws; and thou hast brought me into the dust of death.
Psalms 22:25	My praise shall be of thee in the great congregation: I will pay my vows before them that fear him.
Psalms 23:4	Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.
Psalms 24:8	Who is this King of glory? The LORD strong and mighty, the LORD mighty in battle.
Psalms 25:8	Good and upright is the LORD: therefore will he teach sinners in the way.
Psalms 25:18	Look upon mine affliction and my pain; and forgive all my sins.
Psalms 26:6	I will wash mine hands in innocency: so will I compass thine altar, O LORD:
Psalms 27:4	One thing have I desired of the LORD, that will I seek after; that I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the LORD, and to enquire in his temple.
Psalms 27:14	Wait on the LORD: be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart: wait, I say, on the LORD.
Psalms 29:1	Give unto the LORD, O ye mighty, give unto the LORD glory and strength.
Psalms 29:11	The LORD will give strength unto his people; the LORD will bless his people with peace.
Psalms 30:10	Hear, O LORD, and have mercy upon me: LORD, be thou my helper.
Psalms 31:8	And hast not shut me up into the hand of the enemy: thou hast set my feet in a large room.
Psalms 31:18	Let the lying lips be put to silence; which speak grievous things proudly and contemptuously against the righteous.
Psalms 32:4	For day and night thy hand was heavy upon me: my moisture is turned into the drought of summer. Selah.
Psalms 33:3	Sing unto him a new song; play skilfully with a loud noise.
Psalms 33:13	The LORD looketh from heaven; he beholdeth all the sons of men.
Psalms 34:1	I will bless the LORD at all times: his praise shall continually be in my mouth.
Psalms 34:11	Come, ye children, hearken unto me: I will teach you the fear of the LORD.
Psalms 34:21	Evil shall slay the wicked: and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate.
Psalms 35:9	And my soul shall be joyful in the LORD: it shall rejoice in his salvation.
Psalms 35:19	Let not them that are mine enemies wrongfully rejoice over me: neither let them wink with the eye that hate me without a cause.
Psalms 36:1	The transgression of the wicked saith within my heart, that there is no fear of God before his eyes.
Psalms 36:11	Let not the foot of pride come against me, and let not the hand of the wicked remove me.
Psalms 37:9	For evildoers shall be cut off: but those that wait upon the LORD, they shall inherit the earth.
Psalms 37:19	They shall not be ashamed in the evil time: and in the days of famine they shall be satisfied.
Psalms 37:29	The righteous shall inherit the land, and dwell therein for ever.
Psalms 37:39	But the salvation of the righteous is of the LORD: he is their strength in the time of trouble.
Psalms 38:9	Lord, all my desire is before thee; and my groaning is not hid from thee.
Psalms 38:19	But mine enemies are lively, and they are strong: and they that hate me wrongfully are multiplied.
Psalms 39:7	And now, Lord, what wait I for? my hope is in thee.
Psalms 40:4	Blessed is that man that maketh the LORD his trust, and respecteth not the proud, nor such as turn aside to lies.
Psalms 40:14	Let them be ashamed and confounded together that seek after my soul to destroy it; let them be driven backward and put to shame that wish me evil.
Psalms 41:7	All that hate me whisper together against me: against me do they devise my hurt.
Psalms 42:4	When I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me: for I had gone with the multitude, I went with them to the house of God, with the voice of joy and praise, with a multitude that kept holyday.
Psalms 43:3	O send out thy light and thy truth: let them lead me; let them bring me unto thy holy hill, and to thy tabernacles.
Psalms 44:8	In God we boast all the day long, and praise thy name for ever. Selah.
Psalms 44:18	Our heart is not turned back, neither have our steps declined from thy way;
Psalms 45:2	Thou art fairer than the children of men: grace is poured into thy lips: therefore God hath blessed thee for ever.
Psalms 45:12	And the daughter of Tyre shall be there with a gift; even the rich among the people shall intreat thy favour.
Psalms 46:5	God is in the midst of her; she shall not be moved: God shall help her, and that right early.
Psalms 47:4	He shall choose our inheritance for us, the excellency of Jacob whom he loved. Selah.
Psalms 48:5	They saw it, and so they marvelled; they were troubled, and hasted away.
Psalms 49:1	Hear this, all ye people; give ear, all ye inhabitants of the world:
Psalms 49:11	Their inward thought is, that their houses shall continue for ever, and their dwelling places to all generations; they call their lands after their own names.
Psalms 50:1	The mighty God, even the LORD, hath spoken, and called the earth from the rising of the sun unto the going down thereof.
Psalms 50:11	I know all the fowls of the mountains: and the wild beasts of the field are mine.
Psalms 50:21	These things hast thou done, and I kept silence; thou thoughtest that I was altogether such an one as thyself: but I will reprove thee, and set them in order before thine eyes.
Psalms 51:8	Make me to hear joy and gladness; that the bones which thou hast broken may rejoice.
Psalms 51:18	Do good in thy good pleasure unto Zion: build thou the walls of Jerusalem.
Psalms 52:9	I will praise thee for ever, because thou hast done it: and I will wait on thy name; for it is good before thy saints.
Psalms 54:4	Behold, God is mine helper: the Lord is with them that uphold my soul.
Psalms 55:7	Lo, then would I wander far off, and remain in the wilderness. Selah.
Psalms 55:17	Evening, and morning, and at noon, will I pray, and cry aloud: and he shall hear my voice.
Psalms 56:4	In God I will praise his word, in God I have put my trust; I will not fear what flesh can do unto me.
Psalms 57:1	Be merciful unto me, O God, be merciful unto me: for my soul trusteth in thee: yea, in the shadow of thy wings will I make my refuge, until these calamities be overpast.
Psalms 57:11	Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens: let thy glory be above all the earth.
Psalms 58:10	The righteous shall rejoice when he seeth the vengeance: he shall wash his feet in the blood of the wicked.
Psalms 59:9	Because of his strength will I wait upon thee: for God is my defence.
Psalms 60:2	Thou hast made the earth to tremble; thou hast broken it: heal the breaches thereof; for it shaketh.
Psalms 60:12	Through God we shall do valiantly: for he it is that shall tread down our enemies.
Psalms 62:2	He only is my rock and my salvation; he is my defence; I shall not be greatly moved.
Psalms 62:12	Also unto thee, O Lord, belongeth mercy: for thou renderest to every man according to his work.
Psalms 63:10	They shall fall by the sword: they shall be a portion for foxes.
Psalms 64:9	And all men shall fear, and shall declare the work of God; for they shall wisely consider of his doing.
Psalms 65:9	Thou visitest the earth, and waterest it: thou greatly enrichest it with the river of God, which is full of water: thou preparest them corn, when thou hast so provided for it.
Psalms 66:6	He turned the sea into dry land: they went through the flood on foot: there did we rejoice in him.
Psalms 66:16	Come and hear, all ye that fear God, and I will declare what he hath done for my soul.
Psalms 67:6	Then shall the earth yield her increase; and God, even our own God, shall bless us.
Psalms 68:9	Thou, O God, didst send a plentiful rain, whereby thou didst confirm thine inheritance, when it was weary.
Psalms 68:19	Blessed be the Lord, who daily loadeth us with benefits, even the God of our salvation. Selah.
Psalms 68:29	Because of thy temple at Jerusalem shall kings bring presents unto thee.
Psalms 69:4	They that hate me without a cause are more than the hairs of mine head: they that would destroy me, being mine enemies wrongfully, are mighty: then I restored that which I took not away.
Psalms 69:14	Deliver me out of the mire, and let me not sink: let me be delivered from them that hate me, and out of the deep waters.
Psalms 69:24	Pour out thine indignation upon them, and let thy wrathful anger take hold of them.
Psalms 69:34	Let the heaven and earth praise him, the seas, and every thing that moveth therein.
Psalms 71:3	Be thou my strong habitation, whereunto I may continually resort: thou hast given commandment to save me; for thou art my rock and my fortress.
Psalms 71:13	Let them be confounded and consumed that are adversaries to my soul; let them be covered with reproach and dishonour that seek my hurt.
Psalms 71:23	My lips shall greatly rejoice when I sing unto thee; and my soul, which thou hast redeemed.
Psalms 72:9	They that dwell in the wilderness shall bow before him; and his enemies shall lick the dust.
Psalms 72:19	And blessed be his glorious name for ever: and let the whole earth be filled with his glory; Amen, and Amen.
Psalms 73:9	They set their mouth against the heavens, and their tongue walketh through the earth.
Psalms 73:19	How are they brought into desolation, as in a moment! they are utterly consumed with terrors.
Psalms 74:1	O God, why hast thou cast us off for ever? why doth thine anger smoke against the sheep of thy pasture?
Psalms 74:11	Why withdrawest thou thy hand, even thy right hand? pluck it out of thy bosom.
Psalms 74:21	O let not the oppressed return ashamed: let the poor and needy praise thy name.
Psalms 75:8	For in the hand of the LORD there is a cup, and the wine is red; it is full of mixture; and he poureth out of the same: but the dregs thereof, all the wicked of the earth shall wring them out, and drink them.
Psalms 76:8	Thou didst cause judgment to be heard from heaven; the earth feared, and was still,
Psalms 77:6	I call to remembrance my song in the night: I commune with mine own heart: and my spirit made diligent search.
Psalms 77:16	The waters saw thee, O God, the waters saw thee; they were afraid: the depths also were troubled.
Psalms 78:6	That the generation to come might know them, even the children which should be born; who should arise and declare them to their children:
Psalms 78:16	He brought streams also out of the rock, and caused waters to run down like rivers.
Psalms 78:26	He caused an east wind to blow in the heaven: and by his power he brought in the south wind.
Psalms 78:36	Nevertheless they did flatter him with their mouth, and they lied unto him with their tongues.
Psalms 78:46	He gave also their increase unto the caterpiller, and their labour unto the locust.
Psalms 78:56	Yet they tempted and provoked the most high God, and kept not his testimonies:
Psalms 78:66	And he smote his enemies in the hinder parts: he put them to a perpetual reproach.
Psalms 79:4	We are become a reproach to our neighbours, a scorn and derision to them that are round about us.
Psalms 80:1	Give ear, O Shepherd of Israel, thou that leadest Joseph like a flock; thou that dwellest between the cherubims, shine forth.
Psalms 80:11	She sent out her boughs unto the sea, and her branches unto the river.
Psalms 81:2	Take a psalm, and bring hither the timbrel, the pleasant harp with the psaltery.
Psalms 81:12	So I gave them up unto their own hearts' lust: and they walked in their own counsels.
Psalms 82:6	I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are children of the most High.
Psalms 83:8	Assur also is joined with them: they have holpen the children of Lot. Selah.
Psalms 83:18	That men may know that thou, whose name alone is JEHOVAH, art the most high over all the earth.
Psalms 84:10	For a day in thy courts is better than a thousand. I had rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my God, than to dwell in the tents of wickedness.
Psalms 85:8	I will hear what God the LORD will speak: for he will speak peace unto his people, and to his saints: but let them not turn again to folly.
Psalms 86:5	For thou, Lord, art good, and ready to forgive; and plenteous in mercy unto all them that call upon thee.
Psalms 86:15	But thou, O Lord, art a God full of compassion, and gracious, longsuffering, and plenteous in mercy and truth.
Psalms 88:1	O lord God of my salvation, I have cried day and night before thee:
Psalms 88:11	Shall thy lovingkindness be declared in the grave? or thy faithfulness in destruction?
Psalms 89:3	I have made a covenant with my chosen, I have sworn unto David my servant,
Psalms 89:13	Thou hast a mighty arm: strong is thy hand, and high is thy right hand.
Psalms 89:23	And I will beat down his foes before his face, and plague them that hate him.
Psalms 89:33	Nevertheless my lovingkindness will I not utterly take from him, nor suffer my faithfulness to fail.
Psalms 89:43	Thou hast also turned the edge of his sword, and hast not made him to stand in the battle.
Psalms 90:1	Lord, thou hast been our dwelling place in all generations.
Psalms 90:11	Who knoweth the power of thine anger? even according to thy fear, so is thy wrath.
Psalms 91:4	He shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings shalt thou trust: his truth shall be thy shield and buckler.
Psalms 91:14	Because he hath set his love upon me, therefore will I deliver him: I will set him on high, because he hath known my name.
Psalms 92:8	But thou, LORD, art most high for evermore.
Psalms 93:3	The floods have lifted up, O LORD, the floods have lifted up their voice; the floods lift up their waves.
Psalms 94:8	Understand, ye brutish among the people: and ye fools, when will ye be wise?
Psalms 94:18	When I said, My foot slippeth; thy mercy, O LORD, held me up.
Psalms 95:5	The sea is his, and he made it: and his hands formed the dry land.
Psalms 96:4	For the LORD is great, and greatly to be praised: he is to be feared above all gods.
Psalms 97:1	The LORD reigneth; let the earth rejoice; let the multitude of isles be glad thereof.
Psalms 97:11	Light is sown for the righteous, and gladness for the upright in heart.
Psalms 98:9	Before the LORD; for he cometh to judge the earth: with righteousness shall he judge the world, and the people with equity.
Psalms 100:1	Make a joyful noise unto the LORD, all ye lands.
Psalms 101:6	Mine eyes shall be upon the faithful of the land, that they may dwell with me: he that walketh in a perfect way, he shall serve me.
Psalms 102:8	Mine enemies reproach me all the day; and they that are mad against me are sworn against me.
Psalms 102:18	This shall be written for the generation to come: and the people which shall be created shall praise the LORD.
Psalms 102:28	The children of thy servants shall continue, and their seed shall be established before thee.
Psalms 103:10	He hath not dealt with us after our sins; nor rewarded us according to our iniquities.
Psalms 103:20	Bless the LORD, ye his angels, that excel in strength, that do his commandments, hearkening unto the voice of his word.
Psalms 104:8	They go up by the mountains; they go down by the valleys unto the place which thou hast founded for them.
Psalms 104:18	The high hills are a refuge for the wild goats; and the rocks for the conies.
Psalms 104:28	That thou givest them they gather: thou openest thine hand, they are filled with good.
Psalms 105:3	Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD.
Psalms 105:13	When they went from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another people;
Psalms 105:23	Israel also came into Egypt; and Jacob sojourned in the land of Ham.
Psalms 105:33	He smote their vines also and their fig trees; and brake the trees of their coasts.
Psalms 105:43	And he brought forth his people with joy, and his chosen with gladness:
Psalms 106:8	Nevertheless he saved them for his name's sake, that he might make his mighty power to be known.
Psalms 106:18	And a fire was kindled in their company; the flame burned up the wicked.
Psalms 106:28	They joined themselves also unto Baalpeor, and ate the sacrifices of the dead.
Psalms 106:38	And shed innocent blood, even the blood of their sons and of their daughters, whom they sacrificed unto the idols of Canaan: and the land was polluted with blood.
Psalms 106:48	Blessed be the LORD God of Israel from everlasting to everlasting: and let all the people say, Amen. Praise ye the LORD.
Psalms 107:10	Such as sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, being bound in affliction and iron;
Psalms 107:20	He sent his word, and healed them, and delivered them from their destructions.
Psalms 107:30	Then are they glad because they be quiet; so he bringeth them unto their desired haven.
Psalms 107:40	He poureth contempt upon princes, and causeth them to wander in the wilderness, where there is no way.
Psalms 108:7	God hath spoken in his holiness; I will rejoice, I will divide Shechem, and mete out the valley of Succoth.
Psalms 109:4	For my love they are my adversaries: but I give myself unto prayer.
Psalms 109:14	Let the iniquity of his fathers be remembered with the LORD; and let not the sin of his mother be blotted out.
Psalms 109:24	My knees are weak through fasting; and my flesh faileth of fatness.
Psalms 110:3	Thy people shall be willing in the day of thy power, in the beauties of holiness from the womb of the morning: thou hast the dew of thy youth.
Psalms 111:6	He hath shewed his people the power of his works, that he may give them the heritage of the heathen.
Psalms 112:6	Surely he shall not be moved for ever: the righteous shall be in everlasting remembrance.
Psalms 113:6	Who humbleth himself to behold the things that are in heaven, and in the earth!
Psalms 114:7	Tremble, thou earth, at the presence of the Lord, at the presence of the God of Jacob;
Psalms 115:9	O Israel, trust thou in the LORD: he is their help and their shield.
Psalms 116:1	I love the LORD, because he hath heard my voice and my supplications.
Psalms 116:11	I said in my haste, All men are liars.
Psalms 117:2	For his merciful kindness is great toward us: and the truth of the LORD endureth for ever. Praise ye the LORD.
Psalms 118:10	All nations compassed me about: but in the name of the LORD will I destroy them.
Psalms 118:20	This gate of the LORD, into which the righteous shall enter.
Psalms 119:1	Blessed are the undefiled in the way, who walk in the law of the LORD.
Psalms 119:11	Thy word have I hid in mine heart, that I might not sin against thee.
Psalms 119:21	Thou hast rebuked the proud that are cursed, which do err from thy commandments.
Psalms 119:31	I have stuck unto thy testimonies: O LORD, put me not to shame.
Psalms 119:41	Let thy mercies come also unto me, O LORD, even thy salvation, according to thy word.
Psalms 119:51	The proud have had me greatly in derision: yet have I not declined from thy law.
Psalms 119:61	The bands of the wicked have robbed me: but I have not forgotten thy law.
Psalms 119:71	It is good for me that I have been afflicted; that I might learn thy statutes.
Psalms 119:81	My soul fainteth for thy salvation: but I hope in thy word.
Psalms 119:91	They continue this day according to thine ordinances: for all are thy servants.
Psalms 119:101	I have refrained my feet from every evil way, that I might keep thy word.
Psalms 119:111	Thy testimonies have I taken as an heritage for ever: for they are the rejoicing of my heart.
Psalms 119:121	I have done judgment and justice: leave me not to mine oppressors.
Psalms 119:131	I opened my mouth, and panted: for I longed for thy commandments.
Psalms 119:141	I am small and despised: yet do not I forget thy precepts.
Psalms 119:151	Thou art near, O LORD; and all thy commandments are truth.
Psalms 119:161	Princes have persecuted me without a cause: but my heart standeth in awe of thy word.
Psalms 119:171	My lips shall utter praise, when thou hast taught me thy statutes.
Psalms 120:5	Woe is me, that I sojourn in Mesech, that I dwell in the tents of Kedar!
Psalms 121:8	The LORD shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth, and even for evermore.
Psalms 123:1	Unto thee lift I up mine eyes, O thou that dwellest in the heavens.
Psalms 124:7	Our soul is escaped as a bird out of the snare of the fowlers: the snare is broken, and we are escaped.
Psalms 126:4	Turn again our captivity, O LORD, as the streams in the south.
Psalms 128:3	Thy wife shall be as a fruitful vine by the sides of thine house: thy children like olive plants round about thy table.
Psalms 129:7	Wherewith the mower filleth not his hand; nor he that bindeth sheaves his bosom.
Psalms 131:1	Lord, my heart is not haughty, nor mine eyes lofty: neither do I exercise myself in great matters, or in things too high for me.
Psalms 132:8	Arise, O LORD, into thy rest; thou, and the ark of thy strength.
Psalms 132:18	His enemies will I clothe with shame: but upon himself shall his crown flourish.
Psalms 135:4	For the LORD hath chosen Jacob unto himself, and Israel for his peculiar treasure.
Psalms 135:14	For the LORD will judge his people, and he will repent himself concerning his servants.
Psalms 136:3	O give thanks to the Lord of lords: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalms 136:13	To him which divided the Red sea into parts: for his mercy endureth for ever:
Psalms 136:23	Who remembered us in our low estate: for his mercy endureth for ever:
Psalms 137:7	Remember, O LORD, the children of Edom in the day of Jerusalem; who said, Rase it, rase it, even to the foundation thereof.
Psalms 138:8	The LORD will perfect that which concerneth me: thy mercy, O LORD, endureth for ever: forsake not the works of thine own hands.
Psalms 139:10	Even there shall thy hand lead me, and thy right hand shall hold me.
Psalms 139:20	For they speak against thee wickedly, and thine enemies take thy name in vain.
Psalms 140:6	I said unto the LORD, Thou art my God: hear the voice of my supplications, O LORD.
Psalms 141:3	Set a watch, O LORD, before my mouth; keep the door of my lips.
Psalms 142:3	When my spirit was overwhelmed within me, then thou knewest my path. In the way wherein I walked have they privily laid a snare for me.
Psalms 143:6	I stretch forth my hands unto thee: my soul thirsteth after thee, as a thirsty land. Selah.
Psalms 144:4	Man is like to vanity: his days are as a shadow that passeth away.
Psalms 144:14	That our oxen may be strong to labour; that there be no breaking in, nor going out; that there be no complaining in our streets.
Psalms 145:9	The LORD is good to all: and his tender mercies are over all his works.
Psalms 145:19	He will fulfil the desire of them that fear him: he also will hear their cry, and will save them.
Psalms 146:8	The LORD openeth the eyes of the blind: the LORD raiseth them that are bowed down: the LORD loveth the righteous:
Psalms 147:8	Who covereth the heaven with clouds, who prepareth rain for the earth, who maketh grass to grow upon the mountains.
Psalms 147:18	He sendeth out his word, and melteth them: he causeth his wind to blow, and the waters flow.
Psalms 148:8	Fire, and hail; snow, and vapours; stormy wind fulfilling his word:
Psalms 149:4	For the LORD taketh pleasure in his people: he will beautify the meek with salvation.
Psalms 150:5	Praise him upon the loud cymbals: praise him upon the high sounding cymbals.
Proverbs 1:9	For they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy neck.
Proverbs 1:19	So are the ways of every one that is greedy of gain; which taketh away the life of the owners thereof.
Proverbs 1:29	For that they hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the LORD:
Proverbs 2:6	For the LORD giveth wisdom: out of his mouth cometh knowledge and understanding.
Proverbs 2:16	To deliver thee from the strange woman, even from the stranger which flattereth with her words;
Proverbs 3:4	So shalt thou find favour and good understanding in the sight of God and man.
Proverbs 3:14	For the merchandise of it is better than the merchandise of silver, and the gain thereof than fine gold.
Proverbs 3:24	When thou liest down, thou shalt not be afraid: yea, thou shalt lie down, and thy sleep shall be sweet.
Proverbs 3:34	Surely he scorneth the scorners: but he giveth grace unto the lowly.
Proverbs 4:9	She shall give to thine head an ornament of grace: a crown of glory shall she deliver to thee.
Proverbs 4:19	The way of the wicked is as darkness: they know not at what they stumble.
Proverbs 5:2	That thou mayest regard discretion, and that thy lips may keep knowledge.
Proverbs 5:12	And say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof;
Proverbs 5:22	His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself, and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins.
Proverbs 6:9	How long wilt thou sleep, O sluggard? when wilt thou arise out of thy sleep?
Proverbs 6:19	A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren.
Proverbs 6:29	So he that goeth in to his neighbour's wife; whosoever toucheth her shall not be innocent.
Proverbs 7:4	Say unto wisdom, Thou art my sister; and call understanding thy kinswoman:
Proverbs 7:14	I have peace offerings with me; this day have I payed my vows.
Proverbs 7:24	Hearken unto me now therefore, O ye children, and attend to the words of my mouth.
Proverbs 8:7	For my mouth shall speak truth; and wickedness is an abomination to my lips.
Proverbs 8:17	I love them that love me; and those that seek me early shall find me.
Proverbs 8:27	When he prepared the heavens, I was there: when he set a compass upon the face of the depth:
Proverbs 9:1	Wisdom hath builded her house, she hath hewn out her seven pillars:
Proverbs 9:11	For by me thy days shall be multiplied, and the years of thy life shall be increased.
Proverbs 10:3	The LORD will not suffer the soul of the righteous to famish: but he casteth away the substance of the wicked.
Proverbs 10:13	In the lips of him that hath understanding wisdom is found: but a rod is for the back of him that is void of understanding.
Proverbs 10:23	It is as sport to a fool to do mischief: but a man of understanding hath wisdom.
Proverbs 11:1	A false balance is abomination to the LORD: but a just weight is his delight.
Proverbs 11:11	By the blessing of the upright the city is exalted: but it is overthrown by the mouth of the wicked.
Proverbs 11:21	Though hand join in hand, the wicked shall not be unpunished: but the seed of the righteous shall be delivered.
Proverbs 11:31	Behold, the righteous shall be recompensed in the earth: much more the wicked and the sinner.
Proverbs 12:10	A righteous man regardeth the life of his beast: but the tender mercies of the wicked are cruel.
Proverbs 12:20	Deceit is in the heart of them that imagine evil: but to the counsellors of peace is joy.
Proverbs 13:2	A man shall eat good by the fruit of his mouth: but the soul of the transgressors shall eat violence.
Proverbs 13:12	Hope deferred maketh the heart sick: but when the desire cometh, it is a tree of life.
Proverbs 13:22	A good man leaveth an inheritance to his children's children: and the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just.
Proverbs 14:7	Go from the presence of a foolish man, when thou perceivest not in him the lips of knowledge.
Proverbs 14:17	He that is soon angry dealeth foolishly: and a man of wicked devices is hated.
Proverbs 14:27	The fear of the LORD is a fountain of life, to depart from the snares of death.
Proverbs 15:2	The tongue of the wise useth knowledge aright: but the mouth of fools poureth out foolishness.
Proverbs 15:12	A scorner loveth not one that reproveth him: neither will he go unto the wise.
Proverbs 15:22	Without counsel purposes are disappointed: but in the multitude of counsellors they are established.
Proverbs 15:32	He that refuseth instruction despiseth his own soul: but he that heareth reproof getteth understanding.
Proverbs 16:9	A man's heart deviseth his way: but the LORD directeth his steps.
Proverbs 16:19	Better it is to be of an humble spirit with the lowly, than to divide the spoil with the proud.
Proverbs 16:29	A violent man enticeth his neighbour, and leadeth him into the way that is not good.
Proverbs 17:6	Children's children are the crown of old men; and the glory of children are their fathers.
Proverbs 17:16	Wherefore is there a price in the hand of a fool to get wisdom, seeing he hath no heart to it?
Proverbs 17:26	Also to punish the just is not good, nor to strike princes for equity.
Proverbs 18:8	The words of a talebearer are as wounds, and they go down into the innermost parts of the belly.
Proverbs 18:18	The lot causeth contentions to cease, and parteth between the mighty.
Proverbs 19:4	Wealth maketh many friends; but the poor is separated from his neighbour.
Proverbs 19:14	House and riches are the inheritance of fathers: and a prudent wife is from the LORD.
Proverbs 19:24	A slothful man hideth his hand in his bosom, and will not so much as bring it to his mouth again.
Proverbs 20:5	Counsel in the heart of man is like deep water; but a man of understanding will draw it out.
Proverbs 20:15	There is gold, and a multitude of rubies: but the lips of knowledge are a precious jewel.
Proverbs 20:25	It is a snare to the man who devoureth that which is holy, and after vows to make enquiry.
Proverbs 21:5	The thoughts of the diligent tend only to plenteousness; but of every one that is hasty only to want.
Proverbs 21:15	It is joy to the just to do judgment: but destruction shall be to the workers of iniquity.
Proverbs 21:25	The desire of the slothful killeth him; for his hands refuse to labour.
Proverbs 22:4	By humility and the fear of the LORD are riches, and honour, and life.
Proverbs 22:14	The mouth of strange women is a deep pit: he that is abhorred of the LORD shall fall therein.
Proverbs 22:24	Make no friendship with an angry man; and with a furious man thou shalt not go:
Proverbs 23:5	Wilt thou set thine eyes upon that which is not? for riches certainly make themselves wings; they fly away as an eagle toward heaven.
Proverbs 23:15	My son, if thine heart be wise, my heart shall rejoice, even mine.
Proverbs 23:25	Thy father and thy mother shall be glad, and she that bare thee shall rejoice.
Proverbs 23:35	They have stricken me, shalt thou say, and I was not sick; they have beaten me, and I felt it not: when shall I awake? I will seek it yet again.
Proverbs 24:10	If thou faint in the day of adversity, thy strength is small.
Proverbs 24:20	For there shall be no reward to the evil man; the candle of the wicked shall be put out.
Proverbs 24:30	I went by the field of the slothful, and by the vineyard of the man void of understanding;
Proverbs 25:6	Put not forth thyself in the presence of the king, and stand not in the place of great men:
Proverbs 25:16	Hast thou found honey? eat so much as is sufficient for thee, lest thou be filled therewith, and vomit it.
Proverbs 25:26	A righteous man falling down before the wicked is as a troubled fountain, and a corrupt spring.
Proverbs 26:8	As he that bindeth a stone in a sling, so is he that giveth honour to a fool.
Proverbs 26:18	As a mad man who casteth firebrands, arrows, and death,
Proverbs 26:28	A lying tongue hateth those that are afflicted by it; and a flattering mouth worketh ruin.
Proverbs 27:10	Thine own friend, and thy father's friend, forsake not; neither go into thy brother's house in the day of thy calamity: for better is a neighbour that is near than a brother far off.
Proverbs 27:20	Hell and destruction are never full; so the eyes of man are never satisfied.
Proverbs 28:3	A poor man that oppresseth the poor is like a sweeping rain which leaveth no food.
Proverbs 28:13	He that covereth his sins shall not prosper: but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall have mercy.
Proverbs 28:23	He that rebuketh a man afterwards shall find more favour than he that flattereth with the tongue.
Proverbs 29:5	A man that flattereth his neighbour spreadeth a net for his feet.
Proverbs 29:15	The rod and reproof give wisdom: but a child left to himself bringeth his mother to shame.
Proverbs 29:25	The fear of man bringeth a snare: but whoso putteth his trust in the LORD shall be safe.
Proverbs 30:8	Remove far from me vanity and lies: give me neither poverty nor riches; feed me with food convenient for me:
Proverbs 30:18	There be three things which are too wonderful for me, yea, four which I know not:
Proverbs 30:28	The spider taketh hold with her hands, and is in kings' palaces.
Proverbs 31:5	Lest they drink, and forget the law, and pervert the judgment of any of the afflicted.
Proverbs 31:15	She riseth also while it is yet night, and giveth meat to her household, and a portion to her maidens.
Proverbs 31:25	Strength and honour are her clothing; and she shall rejoice in time to come.
Ecclesiastes 1:4	One generation passeth away, and another generation cometh: but the earth abideth for ever.
Ecclesiastes 1:14	I have seen all the works that are done under the sun; and, behold, all is vanity and vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 2:6	I made me pools of water, to water therewith the wood that bringeth forth trees:
Ecclesiastes 2:16	For there is no remembrance of the wise more than of the fool for ever; seeing that which now is in the days to come shall all be forgotten. And how dieth the wise man? as the fool.
Ecclesiastes 2:26	For God giveth to a man that is good in his sight wisdom, and knowledge, and joy: but to the sinner he giveth travail, to gather and to heap up, that he may give to him that is good before God. This also is vanity and vexation of spirit.
Ecclesiastes 3:10	I have seen the travail, which God hath given to the sons of men to be exercised in it.
Ecclesiastes 3:20	All go unto one place; all are of the dust, and all turn to dust again.
Ecclesiastes 4:8	There is one alone, and there is not a second; yea, he hath neither child nor brother: yet is there no end of all his labour; neither is his eye satisfied with riches; neither saith he, For whom do I labour, and bereave my soul of good? This is also vanity, yea, it is a sore travail.
Ecclesiastes 5:2	Be not rash with thy mouth, and let not thine heart be hasty to utter any thing before God: for God is in heaven, and thou upon earth: therefore let thy words be few.
Ecclesiastes 5:12	The sleep of a labouring man is sweet, whether he eat little or much: but the abundance of the rich will not suffer him to sleep.
Ecclesiastes 6:2	A man to whom God hath given riches, wealth, and honour, so that he wanteth nothing for his soul of all that he desireth, yet God giveth him not power to eat thereof, but a stranger eateth it: this is vanity, and it is an evil disease.
Ecclesiastes 6:12	For who knoweth what is good for man in this life, all the days of his vain life which he spendeth as a shadow? for who can tell a man what shall be after him under the sun?
Ecclesiastes 7:10	Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for thou dost not enquire wisely concerning this.
Ecclesiastes 7:20	For there is not a just man upon earth, that doeth good, and sinneth not.
Ecclesiastes 8:1	Who is as the wise man? and who knoweth the interpretation of a thing? a man's wisdom maketh his face to shine, and the boldness of his face shall be changed.
Ecclesiastes 8:11	Because sentence against an evil work is not executed speedily, therefore the heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do evil.
Ecclesiastes 9:4	For to him that is joined to all the living there is hope: for a living dog is better than a dead lion.
Ecclesiastes 9:14	There was a little city, and few men within it; and there came a great king against it, and besieged it, and built great bulwarks against it:
Ecclesiastes 10:6	Folly is set in great dignity, and the rich sit in low place.
Ecclesiastes 10:16	Woe to thee, O land, when thy king is a child, and thy princes eat in the morning!
Ecclesiastes 11:6	In the morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thine hand: for thou knowest not whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whether they both shall be alike good.
Ecclesiastes 12:6	Or ever the silver cord be loosed, or the golden bowl be broken, or the pitcher be broken at the fountain, or the wheel broken at the cistern.
Song of Solomon 1:2	Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine.
Song of Solomon 1:12	While the king sitteth at his table, my spikenard sendeth forth the smell thereof.
Song of Solomon 2:5	Stay me with flagons, comfort me with apples: for I am sick of love.
Song of Solomon 2:15	Take us the foxes, the little foxes, that spoil the vines: for our vines have tender grapes.
Song of Solomon 3:8	They all hold swords, being expert in war: every man hath his sword upon his thigh because of fear in the night.
Song of Solomon 4:7	Thou art all fair, my love; there is no spot in thee.
Song of Solomon 5:1	I am come into my garden, my sister, my spouse: I have gathered my myrrh with my spice; I have eaten my honeycomb with my honey; I have drunk my wine with my milk: eat, O friends; drink, yea, drink abundantly, O beloved.
Song of Solomon 5:11	His head is as the most fine gold, his locks are bushy, and black as a raven.
Song of Solomon 6:5	Turn away thine eyes from me, for they have overcome me: thy hair is as a flock of goats that appear from Gilead.
Song of Solomon 7:2	Thy navel is like a round goblet, which wanteth not liquor: thy belly is like an heap of wheat set about with lilies.
Song of Solomon 7:12	Let us get up early to the vineyards; let us see if the vine flourish, whether the tender grape appear, and the pomegranates bud forth: there will I give thee my loves.
Song of Solomon 8:9	If she be a wall, we will build upon her a palace of silver: and if she be a door, we will inclose her with boards of cedar.
Isaiah 1:5	Why should ye be stricken any more? ye will revolt more and more: the whole head is sick, and the whole heart faint.
Isaiah 1:15	And when ye spread forth your hands, I will hide mine eyes from you: yea, when ye make many prayers, I will not hear: your hands are full of blood.
Isaiah 1:25	And I will turn my hand upon thee, and purely purge away thy dross, and take away all thy tin:
Isaiah 2:4	And he shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many people: and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
Isaiah 2:14	And upon all the high mountains, and upon all the hills that are lifted up,
Isaiah 3:2	The mighty man, and the man of war, the judge, and the prophet, and the prudent, and the ancient,
Isaiah 3:12	As for my people, children are their oppressors, and women rule over them. O my people, they which lead thee cause thee to err, and destroy the way of thy paths.
Isaiah 3:22	The changeable suits of apparel, and the mantles, and the wimples, and the crisping pins,
Isaiah 4:6	And there shall be a tabernacle for a shadow in the day time from the heat, and for a place of refuge, and for a covert from storm and from rain.
Isaiah 5:10	Yea, ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath, and the seed of an homer shall yield an ephah.
Isaiah 5:20	Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter!
Isaiah 5:30	And in that day they shall roar against them like the roaring of the sea: and if one look unto the land, behold darkness and sorrow, and the light is darkened in the heavens thereof.
Isaiah 6:10	Make the heart of this people fat, and make their ears heavy, and shut their eyes; lest they see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and convert, and be healed.
Isaiah 7:7	Thus saith the Lord GOD, It shall not stand, neither shall it come to pass.
Isaiah 7:17	The LORD shall bring upon thee, and upon thy people, and upon thy father's house, days that have not come, from the day that Ephraim departed from Judah; even the king of Assyria.
Isaiah 8:2	And I took unto me faithful witnesses to record, Uriah the priest, and Zechariah the son of Jeberechiah.
Isaiah 8:12	Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid.
Isaiah 8:22	And they shall look unto the earth; and behold trouble and darkness, dimness of anguish; and they shall be driven to darkness.
Isaiah 9:10	The bricks are fallen down, but we will build with hewn stones: the sycomores are cut down, but we will change them into cedars.
Isaiah 9:20	And he shall snatch on the right hand, and be hungry; and he shall eat on the left hand, and they shall not be satisfied: they shall eat every man the flesh of his own arm:
Isaiah 10:9	Is not Calno as Carchemish? is not Hamath as Arpad? is not Samaria as Damascus?
Isaiah 10:19	And the rest of the trees of his forest shall be few, that a child may write them.
Isaiah 10:29	They are gone over the passage: they have taken up their lodging at Geba; Ramah is afraid; Gibeah of Saul is fled.
Isaiah 11:5	And righteousness shall be the girdle of his loins, and faithfulness the girdle of his reins.
Isaiah 11:15	And the LORD shall utterly destroy the tongue of the Egyptian sea; and with his mighty wind shall he shake his hand over the river, and shall smite it in the seven streams, and make men go over dryshod.
Isaiah 13:3	I have commanded my sanctified ones, I have also called my mighty ones for mine anger, even them that rejoice in my highness.
Isaiah 13:13	Therefore I will shake the heavens, and the earth shall remove out of her place, in the wrath of the LORD of hosts, and in the day of his fierce anger.
Isaiah 14:1	For the LORD will have mercy on Jacob, and will yet choose Israel, and set them in their own land: and the strangers shall be joined with them, and they shall cleave to the house of Jacob.
Isaiah 14:11	Thy pomp is brought down to the grave, and the noise of thy viols: the worm is spread under thee, and the worms cover thee.
Isaiah 14:21	Prepare slaughter for his children for the iniquity of their fathers; that they do not rise, nor possess the land, nor fill the face of the world with cities.
Isaiah 14:31	Howl, O gate; cry, O city; thou, whole Palestina, art dissolved: for there shall come from the north a smoke, and none shall be alone in his appointed times.
Isaiah 15:9	For the waters of Dimon shall be full of blood: for I will bring more upon Dimon, lions upon him that escapeth of Moab, and upon the remnant of the land.
Isaiah 16:10	And gladness is taken away, and joy out of the plentiful field; and in the vineyards there shall be no singing, neither shall there be shouting: the treaders shall tread out no wine in their presses; I have made their vintage shouting to cease.
Isaiah 17:6	Yet gleaning grapes shall be left in it, as the shaking of an olive tree, two or three berries in the top of the uppermost bough, four or five in the outmost fruitful branches thereof, saith the LORD God of Israel.
Isaiah 18:2	That sendeth ambassadors by the sea, even in vessels of bulrushes upon the waters, saying, Go, ye swift messengers, to a nation scattered and peeled, to a people terrible from their beginning hitherto; a nation meted out and trodden down, whose land the rivers have spoiled!
Isaiah 19:5	And the waters shall fail from the sea, and the river shall be wasted and dried up.
Isaiah 19:15	Neither shall there be any work for Egypt, which the head or tail, branch or rush, may do.
Isaiah 19:25	Whom the LORD of hosts shall bless, saying, Blessed be Egypt my people, and Assyria the work of my hands, and Israel mine inheritance.
Isaiah 21:4	My heart panted, fearfulness affrighted me: the night of my pleasure hath he turned into fear unto me.
Isaiah 21:14	The inhabitants of the land of Tema brought water to him that was thirsty, they prevented with their bread him that fled.
Isaiah 22:7	And it shall come to pass, that thy choicest valleys shall be full of chariots, and the horsemen shall set themselves in array at the gate.
Isaiah 22:17	Behold, the LORD will carry thee away with a mighty captivity, and will surely cover thee.
Isaiah 23:2	Be still, ye inhabitants of the isle; thou whom the merchants of Zidon, that pass over the sea, have replenished.
Isaiah 23:12	And he said, Thou shalt no more rejoice, O thou oppressed virgin, daughter of Zidon: arise, pass over to Chittim; there also shalt thou have no rest.
Isaiah 24:4	The earth mourneth and fadeth away, the world languisheth and fadeth away, the haughty people of the earth do languish.
Isaiah 24:14	They shall lift up their voice, they shall sing for the majesty of the LORD, they shall cry aloud from the sea.
Isaiah 25:1	O Lord, thou art my God; I will exalt thee, I will praise thy name; for thou hast done wonderful things; thy counsels of old are faithfulness and truth.
Isaiah 25:11	And he shall spread forth his hands in the midst of them, as he that swimmeth spreadeth forth his hands to swim: and he shall bring down their pride together with the spoils of their hands.
Isaiah 26:9	With my soul have I desired thee in the night; yea, with my spirit within me will I seek thee early: for when thy judgments are in the earth, the inhabitants of the world will learn righteousness.
Isaiah 26:19	Thy dead men shall live, together with my dead body shall they arise. Awake and sing, ye that dwell in dust: for thy dew is as the dew of herbs, and the earth shall cast out the dead.
Isaiah 27:8	In measure, when it shooteth forth, thou wilt debate with it: he stayeth his rough wind in the day of the east wind.
Isaiah 28:5	In that day shall the LORD of hosts be for a crown of glory, and for a diadem of beauty, unto the residue of his people,
Isaiah 28:15	Because ye have said, We have made a covenant with death, and with hell are we at agreement; when the overflowing scourge shall pass through, it shall not come unto us: for we have made lies our refuge, and under falsehood have we hid ourselves:
Isaiah 28:25	When he hath made plain the face thereof, doth he not cast abroad the fitches, and scatter the cummin, and cast in the principal wheat and the appointed barley and the rie in their place?
Isaiah 29:6	Thou shalt be visited of the LORD of hosts with thunder, and with earthquake, and great noise, with storm and tempest, and the flame of devouring fire.
Isaiah 29:16	Surely your turning of things upside down shall be esteemed as the potter's clay: for shall the work say of him that made it, He made me not? or shall the thing framed say of him that framed it, He had no understanding?
Isaiah 30:2	That walk to go down into Egypt, and have not asked at my mouth; to strengthen themselves in the strength of Pharaoh, and to trust in the shadow of Egypt!
Isaiah 30:12	Wherefore thus saith the Holy One of Israel, Because ye despise this word, and trust in oppression and perverseness, and stay thereon:
Isaiah 30:22	Ye shall defile also the covering of thy graven images of silver, and the ornament of thy molten images of gold: thou shalt cast them away as a menstruous cloth; thou shalt say unto it, Get thee hence.
Isaiah 30:32	And in every place where the grounded staff shall pass, which the LORD shall lay upon him, it shall be with tabrets and harps: and in battles of shaking will he fight with it.
Isaiah 31:9	And he shall pass over to his strong hold for fear, and his princes shall be afraid of the ensign, saith the LORD, whose fire is in Zion, and his furnace in Jerusalem.
Isaiah 32:10	Many days and years shall ye be troubled, ye careless women: for the vintage shall fail, the gathering shall not come.
Isaiah 32:20	Blessed are ye that sow beside all waters, that send forth thither the feet of the ox and the ass.
Isaiah 33:10	Now will I rise, saith the LORD; now will I be exalted; now will I lift up myself.
Isaiah 33:20	Look upon Zion, the city of our solemnities: thine eyes shall see Jerusalem a quiet habitation, a tabernacle that shall not be taken down; not one of the stakes thereof shall ever be removed, neither shall any of the cords thereof be broken.
Isaiah 34:6	The sword of the LORD is filled with blood, it is made fat with fatness, and with the blood of lambs and goats, with the fat of the kidneys of rams: for the LORD hath a sacrifice in Bozrah, and a great slaughter in the land of Idumea.
Isaiah 34:16	Seek ye out of the book of the LORD, and read: no one of these shall fail, none shall want her mate: for my mouth it hath commanded, and his spirit it hath gathered them.
Isaiah 35:9	No lion shall be there, nor any ravenous beast shall go up thereon, it shall not be found there; but the redeemed shall walk there:
Isaiah 36:9	How then wilt thou turn away the face of one captain of the least of my master's servants, and put thy trust on Egypt for chariots and for horsemen?
Isaiah 36:19	Where are the gods of Hamath and Arphad? where are the gods of Sepharvaim? and have they delivered Samaria out of my hand?
Isaiah 37:7	Behold, I will send a blast upon him, and he shall hear a rumour, and return to his own land; and I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land.
Isaiah 37:17	Incline thine ear, O LORD, and hear; open thine eyes, O LORD, and see: and hear all the words of Sennacherib, which hath sent to reproach the living God.
Isaiah 37:27	Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed and confounded: they were as the grass of the field, and as the green herb, as the grass on the housetops, and as corn blasted before it be grown up.
Isaiah 37:37	So Sennacherib king of Assyria departed, and went and returned, and dwelt at Nineveh.
Isaiah 38:9	The writing of Hezekiah king of Judah, when he had been sick, and was recovered of his sickness:
Isaiah 38:19	The living, the living, he shall praise thee, as I do this day: the father to the children shall make known thy truth.
Isaiah 39:7	And of thy sons that shall issue from thee, which thou shalt beget, shall they take away; and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon.
Isaiah 40:9	O Zion, that bringest good tidings, get thee up into the high mountain; O Jerusalem, that bringest good tidings, lift up thy voice with strength; lift it up, be not afraid; say unto the cities of Judah, Behold your God!
Isaiah 40:19	The workman melteth a graven image, and the goldsmith spreadeth it over with gold, and casteth silver chains.
Isaiah 40:29	He giveth power to the faint; and to them that have no might he increaseth strength.
Isaiah 41:8	But thou, Israel, art my servant, Jacob whom I have chosen, the seed of Abraham my friend.
Isaiah 41:18	I will open rivers in high places, and fountains in the midst of the valleys: I will make the wilderness a pool of water, and the dry land springs of water.
Isaiah 41:28	For I beheld, and there was no man; even among them, and there was no counsellor, that, when I asked of them, could answer a word.
Isaiah 42:9	Behold, the former things are come to pass, and new things do I declare: before they spring forth I tell you of them.
Isaiah 42:19	Who is blind, but my servant? or deaf, as my messenger that I sent? who is blind as he that is perfect, and blind as the LORD's servant?
Isaiah 43:4	Since thou wast precious in my sight, thou hast been honourable, and I have loved thee: therefore will I give men for thee, and people for thy life.
Isaiah 43:14	Thus saith the LORD, your redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; For your sake I have sent to Babylon, and have brought down all their nobles, and the Chaldeans, whose cry is in the ships.
Isaiah 43:24	Thou hast bought me no sweet cane with money, neither hast thou filled me with the fat of thy sacrifices: but thou hast made me to serve with thy sins, thou hast wearied me with thine iniquities.
Isaiah 44:6	Thus saith the LORD the King of Israel, and his redeemer the LORD of hosts; I am the first, and I am the last; and beside me there is no God.
Isaiah 44:16	He burneth part thereof in the fire; with part thereof he eateth flesh; he roasteth roast, and is satisfied: yea, he warmeth himself, and saith, Aha, I am warm, I have seen the fire:
Isaiah 44:26	That confirmeth the word of his servant, and performeth the counsel of his messengers; that saith to Jerusalem, Thou shalt be inhabited; and to the cities of Judah, Ye shall be built, and I will raise up the decayed places thereof:
Isaiah 45:8	Drop down, ye heavens, from above, and let the skies pour down righteousness: let the earth open, and let them bring forth salvation, and let righteousness spring up together; I the LORD have created it.
Isaiah 45:18	For thus saith the LORD that created the heavens; God himself that formed the earth and made it; he hath established it, he created it not in vain, he formed it to be inhabited: I am the LORD; and there is none else.
Isaiah 46:3	Hearken unto me, O house of Jacob, and all the remnant of the house of Israel, which are borne by me from the belly, which are carried from the womb:
Isaiah 46:13	I bring near my righteousness; it shall not be far off, and my salvation shall not tarry: and I will place salvation in Zion for Israel my glory.
Isaiah 47:10	For thou hast trusted in thy wickedness: thou hast said, None seeth me. Thy wisdom and thy knowledge, it hath perverted thee; and thou hast said in thine heart, I am, and none else beside me.
Isaiah 48:5	I have even from the beginning declared it to thee; before it came to pass I shewed it thee: lest thou shouldest say, Mine idol hath done them, and my graven image, and my molten image, hath commanded them.
Isaiah 48:15	I, even I, have spoken; yea, I have called him: I have brought him, and he shall make his way prosperous.
Isaiah 49:3	And said unto me, Thou art my servant, O Israel, in whom I will be glorified.
Isaiah 49:13	Sing, O heavens; and be joyful, O earth; and break forth into singing, O mountains: for the LORD hath comforted his people, and will have mercy upon his afflicted.
Isaiah 49:23	And kings shall be thy nursing fathers, and their queens thy nursing mothers: they shall bow down to thee with their face toward the earth, and lick up the dust of thy feet; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD: for they shall not be ashamed that wait for me.
Isaiah 50:7	For the Lord GOD will help me; therefore shall I not be confounded: therefore have I set my face like a flint, and I know that I shall not be ashamed.
Isaiah 51:6	Lift up your eyes to the heavens, and look upon the earth beneath: for the heavens shall vanish away like smoke, and the earth shall wax old like a garment, and they that dwell therein shall die in like manner: but my salvation shall be for ever, and my righteousness shall not be abolished.
Isaiah 51:16	And I have put my words in thy mouth, and I have covered thee in the shadow of mine hand, that I may plant the heavens, and lay the foundations of the earth, and say unto Zion, Thou art my people.
Isaiah 52:3	For thus saith the LORD, Ye have sold yourselves for nought; and ye shall be redeemed without money.
Isaiah 52:13	Behold, my servant shall deal prudently, he shall be exalted and extolled, and be very high.
Isaiah 53:8	He was taken from prison and from judgment: and who shall declare his generation? for he was cut off out of the land of the living: for the transgression of my people was he stricken.
Isaiah 54:6	For the LORD hath called thee as a woman forsaken and grieved in spirit, and a wife of youth, when thou wast refused, saith thy God.
Isaiah 54:16	Behold, I have created the smith that bloweth the coals in the fire, and that bringeth forth an instrument for his work; and I have created the waster to destroy.
Isaiah 55:9	For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts.
Isaiah 56:6	Also the sons of the stranger, that join themselves to the LORD, to serve him, and to love the name of the LORD, to be his servants, every one that keepeth the sabbath from polluting it, and taketh hold of my covenant;
Isaiah 57:4	Against whom do ye sport yourselves? against whom make ye a wide mouth, and draw out the tongue? are ye not children of transgression, a seed of falsehood.
Isaiah 57:14	And shall say, Cast ye up, cast ye up, prepare the way, take up the stumblingblock out of the way of my people.
Isaiah 58:3	Wherefore have we fasted, say they, and thou seest not? wherefore have we afflicted our soul, and thou takest no knowledge? Behold, in the day of your fast ye find pleasure, and exact all your labours.
Isaiah 58:13	If thou turn away thy foot from the sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the sabbath a delight, the holy of the LORD, honourable; and shalt honour him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words:
Isaiah 59:9	Therefore is judgment far from us, neither doth justice overtake us: we wait for light, but behold obscurity; for brightness, but we walk in darkness.
Isaiah 59:19	So shall they fear the name of the LORD from the west, and his glory from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the Spirit of the LORD shall lift up a standard against him.
Isaiah 60:8	Who are these that fly as a cloud, and as the doves to their windows?
Isaiah 60:18	Violence shall no more be heard in thy land, wasting nor destruction within thy borders; but thou shalt call thy walls Salvation, and thy gates Praise.
Isaiah 61:6	But ye shall be named the Priests of the LORD: men shall call you the Ministers of our God: ye shall eat the riches of the Gentiles, and in their glory shall ye boast yourselves.
Isaiah 62:5	For as a young man marrieth a virgin, so shall thy sons marry thee: and as the bridegroom rejoiceth over the bride, so shall thy God rejoice over thee.
Isaiah 63:3	I have trodden the winepress alone; and of the people there was none with me: for I will tread them in mine anger, and trample them in my fury; and their blood shall be sprinkled upon my garments, and I will stain all my raiment.
Isaiah 63:13	That led them through the deep, as an horse in the wilderness, that they should not stumble?
Isaiah 64:4	For since the beginning of the world men have not heard, nor perceived by the ear, neither hath the eye seen, O God, beside thee, what he hath prepared for him that waiteth for him.
Isaiah 65:2	I have spread out my hands all the day unto a rebellious people, which walketh in a way that was not good, after their own thoughts;
Isaiah 65:12	Therefore will I number you to the sword, and ye shall all bow down to the slaughter: because when I called, ye did not answer; when I spake, ye did not hear; but did evil before mine eyes, and did choose that wherein I delighted not.
Isaiah 65:22	They shall not build, and another inhabit; they shall not plant, and another eat: for as the days of a tree are the days of my people, and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands.
Isaiah 66:7	Before she travailed, she brought forth; before her pain came, she was delivered of a man child.
Isaiah 66:17	They that sanctify themselves, and purify themselves in the gardens behind one tree in the midst, eating swine's flesh, and the abomination, and the mouse, shall be consumed together, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 1:3	It came also in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah, unto the end of the eleventh year of Zedekiah the son of Josiah king of Judah, unto the carrying away of Jerusalem captive in the fifth month.
Jeremiah 1:13	And the word of the LORD came unto me the second time, saying, What seest thou? And I said, I see a seething pot; and the face thereof is toward the north.
Jeremiah 2:4	Hear ye the word of the LORD, O house of Jacob, and all the families of the house of Israel:
Jeremiah 2:14	Is Israel a servant? is he a homeborn slave? why is he spoiled?
Jeremiah 2:24	A wild ass used to the wilderness, that snuffeth up the wind at her pleasure; in her occasion who can turn her away? all they that seek her will not weary themselves; in her month they shall find her.
Jeremiah 2:34	Also in thy skirts is found the blood of the souls of the poor innocents: I have not found it by secret search, but upon all these.
Jeremiah 3:7	And I said after she had done all these things, Turn thou unto me. But she returned not. And her treacherous sister Judah saw it.
Jeremiah 3:17	At that time they shall call Jerusalem the throne of the LORD; and all the nations shall be gathered unto it, to the name of the LORD, to Jerusalem: neither shall they walk any more after the imagination of their evil heart.
Jeremiah 4:2	And thou shalt swear, The LORD liveth, in truth, in judgment, and in righteousness; and the nations shall bless themselves in him, and in him shall they glory.
Jeremiah 4:12	Even a full wind from those places shall come unto me: now also will I give sentence against them.
Jeremiah 4:22	For my people is foolish, they have not known me; they are sottish children, and they have none understanding: they are wise to do evil, but to do good they have no knowledge.
Jeremiah 5:1	Run ye to and fro through the streets of Jerusalem, and see now, and know, and seek in the broad places thereof, if ye can find a man, if there be any that executeth judgment, that seeketh the truth; and I will pardon it.
Jeremiah 5:11	For the house of Israel and the house of Judah have dealt very treacherously against me, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 5:21	Hear now this, O foolish people, and without understanding; which have eyes, and see not; which have ears, and hear not:
Jeremiah 5:31	The prophets prophesy falsely, and the priests bear rule by their means; and my people love to have it so: and what will ye do in the end thereof?
Jeremiah 6:10	To whom shall I speak, and give warning, that they may hear? behold, their ear is uncircumcised, and they cannot hearken: behold, the word of the LORD is unto them a reproach; they have no delight in it.
Jeremiah 6:20	To what purpose cometh there to me incense from Sheba, and the sweet cane from a far country? your burnt offerings are not acceptable, nor your sacrifices sweet unto me.
Jeremiah 6:30	Reprobate silver shall men call them, because the LORD hath rejected them.
Jeremiah 7:10	And come and stand before me in this house, which is called by my name, and say, We are delivered to do all these abominations?
Jeremiah 7:20	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, mine anger and my fury shall be poured out upon this place, upon man, and upon beast, and upon the trees of the field, and upon the fruit of the ground; and it shall burn, and shall not be quenched.
Jeremiah 7:30	For the children of Judah have done evil in my sight, saith the LORD: they have set their abominations in the house which is called by my name, to pollute it.
Jeremiah 8:6	I hearkened and heard, but they spake not aright: no man repented him of his wickedness, saying, What have I done? every one turned to his course, as the horse rusheth into the battle.
Jeremiah 8:16	The snorting of his horses was heard from Dan: the whole land trembled at the sound of the neighing of his strong ones; for they are come, and have devoured the land, and all that is in it; the city, and those that dwell therein.
Jeremiah 9:4	Take ye heed every one of his neighbour, and trust ye not in any brother: for every brother will utterly supplant, and every neighbour will walk with slanders.
Jeremiah 9:14	But have walked after the imagination of their own heart, and after Baalim, which their fathers taught them:
Jeremiah 9:24	But let him that glorieth glory in this, that he understandeth and knoweth me, that I am the LORD which exercise lovingkindness, judgment, and righteousness, in the earth: for in these things I delight, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 10:8	But they are altogether brutish and foolish: the stock is a doctrine of vanities.
Jeremiah 10:18	For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this once, and will distress them, that they may find it so.
Jeremiah 11:3	And say thou unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel; Cursed be the man that obeyeth not the words of this covenant,
Jeremiah 11:13	For according to the number of thy cities were thy gods, O Judah; and according to the number of the streets of Jerusalem have ye set up altars to that shameful thing, even altars to burn incense unto Baal.
Jeremiah 11:23	And there shall be no remnant of them: for I will bring evil upon the men of Anathoth, even the year of their visitation.
Jeremiah 12:10	Many pastors have destroyed my vineyard, they have trodden my portion under foot, they have made my pleasant portion a desolate wilderness.
Jeremiah 13:3	And the word of the LORD came unto me the second time, saying,
Jeremiah 13:13	Then shalt thou say unto them, Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will fill all the inhabitants of this land, even the kings that sit upon David's throne, and the priests, and the prophets, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, with drunkenness.
Jeremiah 13:23	Can the Ethiopian change his skin, or the leopard his spots? then may ye also do good, that are accustomed to do evil.
Jeremiah 14:6	And the wild asses did stand in the high places, they snuffed up the wind like dragons; their eyes did fail, because there was no grass.
Jeremiah 14:16	And the people to whom they prophesy shall be cast out in the streets of Jerusalem because of the famine and the sword; and they shall have none to bury them, them, their wives, nor their sons, nor their daughters: for I will pour their wickedness upon them.
Jeremiah 15:4	And I will cause them to be removed into all kingdoms of the earth, because of Manasseh the son of Hezekiah king of Judah, for that which he did in Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 15:14	And I will make thee to pass with thine enemies into a land which thou knowest not: for a fire is kindled in mine anger, which shall burn upon you.
Jeremiah 16:3	For thus saith the LORD concerning the sons and concerning the daughters that are born in this place, and concerning their mothers that bare them, and concerning their fathers that begat them in this land;
Jeremiah 16:13	Therefore will I cast you out of this land into a land that ye know not, neither ye nor your fathers; and there shall ye serve other gods day and night; where I will not shew you favour.
Jeremiah 17:2	Whilst their children remember their altars and their groves by the green trees upon the high hills.
Jeremiah 17:12	A glorious high throne from the beginning is the place of our sanctuary.
Jeremiah 17:22	Neither carry forth a burden out of your houses on the sabbath day, neither do ye any work, but hallow ye the sabbath day, as I commanded your fathers.
Jeremiah 18:5	Then the word of the LORD came to me, saying,
Jeremiah 18:15	Because my people hath forgotten me, they have burned incense to vanity, and they have caused them to stumble in their ways from the ancient paths, to walk in paths, in a way not cast up;
Jeremiah 19:2	And go forth unto the valley of the son of Hinnom, which is by the entry of the east gate, and proclaim there the words that I shall tell thee,
Jeremiah 19:12	Thus will I do unto this place, saith the LORD, and to the inhabitants thereof, and even make this city as Tophet:
Jeremiah 20:7	O LORD, thou hast deceived me, and I was deceived; thou art stronger than I, and hast prevailed: I am in derision daily, every one mocketh me.
Jeremiah 20:17	Because he slew me not from the womb; or that my mother might have been my grave, and her womb to be always great with me.
Jeremiah 21:9	He that abideth in this city shall die by the sword, and by the famine, and by the pestilence: but he that goeth out, and falleth to the Chaldeans that besiege you, he shall live, and his life shall be unto him for a prey.
Jeremiah 22:5	But if ye will not hear these words, I swear by myself, saith the LORD, that this house shall become a desolation.
Jeremiah 22:15	Shalt thou reign, because thou closest thyself in cedar? did not thy father eat and drink, and do judgment and justice, and then it was well with him?
Jeremiah 22:25	And I will give thee into the hand of them that seek thy life, and into the hand of them whose face thou fearest, even into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of the Chaldeans.
Jeremiah 23:5	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will raise unto David a righteous Branch, and a King shall reign and prosper, and shall execute judgment and justice in the earth.
Jeremiah 23:15	Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts concerning the prophets; Behold, I will feed them with wormwood, and make them drink the water of gall: for from the prophets of Jerusalem is profaneness gone forth into all the land.
Jeremiah 23:25	I have heard what the prophets said, that prophesy lies in my name, saying, I have dreamed, I have dreamed.
Jeremiah 23:35	Thus shall ye say every one to his neighbour, and every one to his brother, What hath the LORD answered? and, What hath the LORD spoken?
Jeremiah 24:5	Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel; Like these good figs, so will I acknowledge them that are carried away captive of Judah, whom I have sent out of this place into the land of the Chaldeans for their good.
Jeremiah 25:5	They said, Turn ye again now every one from his evil way, and from the evil of your doings, and dwell in the land that the LORD hath given unto you and to your fathers for ever and ever:
Jeremiah 25:15	For thus saith the LORD God of Israel unto me; Take the wine cup of this fury at my hand, and cause all the nations, to whom I send thee, to drink it.
Jeremiah 25:25	And all the kings of Zimri, and all the kings of Elam, and all the kings of the Medes,
Jeremiah 25:35	And the shepherds shall have no way to flee, nor the principal of the flock to escape.
Jeremiah 26:7	So the priests and the prophets and all the people heard Jeremiah speaking these words in the house of the LORD.
Jeremiah 26:17	Then rose up certain of the elders of the land, and spake to all the assembly of the people, saying,
Jeremiah 27:3	And send them to the king of Edom, and to the king of Moab, and to the king of the Ammonites, and to the king of Tyrus, and to the king of Zidon, by the hand of the messengers which come to Jerusalem unto Zedekiah king of Judah;
Jeremiah 27:13	Why will ye die, thou and thy people, by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, as the LORD hath spoken against the nation that will not serve the king of Babylon?
Jeremiah 28:1	And it came to pass the same year, in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the fourth year, and in the fifth month, that Hananiah the son of Azur the prophet, which was of Gibeon, spake unto me in the house of the LORD, in the presence of the priests and of all the people, saying,
Jeremiah 28:11	And Hananiah spake in the presence of all the people, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Even so will I break the yoke of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from the neck of all nations within the space of two full years. And the prophet Jeremiah went his way.
Jeremiah 29:4	Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, unto all that are carried away captives, whom I have caused to be carried away from Jerusalem unto Babylon;
Jeremiah 29:14	And I will be found of you, saith the LORD: and I will turn away your captivity, and I will gather you from all the nations, and from all the places whither I have driven you, saith the LORD; and I will bring you again into the place whence I caused you to be carried away captive.
Jeremiah 29:24	Thus shalt thou also speak to Shemaiah the Nehelamite, saying,
Jeremiah 30:2	Thus speaketh the LORD God of Israel, saying, Write thee all the words that I have spoken unto thee in a book.
Jeremiah 30:12	For thus saith the LORD, Thy bruise is incurable, and thy wound is grievous.
Jeremiah 30:22	And ye shall be my people, and I will be your God.
Jeremiah 31:8	Behold, I will bring them from the north country, and gather them from the coasts of the earth, and with them the blind and the lame, the woman with child and her that travaileth with child together: a great company shall return thither.
Jeremiah 31:18	I have surely heard Ephraim bemoaning himself thus; Thou hast chastised me, and I was chastised, as a bullock unaccustomed to the yoke: turn thou me, and I shall be turned; for thou art the LORD my God.
Jeremiah 31:28	And it shall come to pass, that like as I have watched over them, to pluck up, and to break down, and to throw down, and to destroy, and to afflict; so will I watch over them, to build, and to plant, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 31:38	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that the city shall be built to the LORD from the tower of Hananeel unto the gate of the corner.
Jeremiah 32:8	So Hanameel mine uncle's son came to me in the court of the prison according to the word of the LORD, and said unto me, Buy my field, I pray thee, that is in Anathoth, which is in the country of Benjamin: for the right of inheritance is thine, and the redemption is thine; buy it for thyself. Then I knew that this was the word of the LORD.
Jeremiah 32:18	Thou shewest lovingkindness unto thousands, and recompensest the iniquity of the fathers into the bosom of their children after them: the Great, the Mighty God, the LORD of hosts, is his name,
Jeremiah 32:28	Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and he shall take it:
Jeremiah 32:38	And they shall be my people, and I will be their God:
Jeremiah 33:4	For thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel, concerning the houses of this city, and concerning the houses of the kings of Judah, which are thrown down by the mounts, and by the sword;
Jeremiah 33:14	Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will perform that good thing which I have promised unto the house of Israel and to the house of Judah.
Jeremiah 33:24	Considerest thou not what this people have spoken, saying, The two families which the LORD hath chosen, he hath even cast them off? thus they have despised my people, that they should be no more a nation before them.
Jeremiah 34:8	This is the word that came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, after that the king Zedekiah had made a covenant with all the people which were at Jerusalem, to proclaim liberty unto them;
Jeremiah 34:18	And I will give the men that have transgressed my covenant, which have not performed the words of the covenant which they had made before me, when they cut the calf in twain, and passed between the parts thereof,
Jeremiah 35:6	But they said, We will drink no wine: for Jonadab the son of Rechab our father commanded us, saying, Ye shall drink no wine, neither ye, nor your sons for ever:
Jeremiah 35:16	Because the sons of Jonadab the son of Rechab have performed the commandment of their father, which he commanded them; but this people hath not hearkened unto me:
Jeremiah 36:7	It may be they will present their supplication before the LORD, and will return every one from his evil way: for great is the anger and the fury that the LORD hath pronounced against this people.
Jeremiah 36:17	And they asked Baruch, saying, Tell us now, How didst thou write all these words at his mouth?
Jeremiah 36:27	Then the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah, after that the king had burned the roll, and the words which Baruch wrote at the mouth of Jeremiah, saying,
Jeremiah 37:5	Then Pharaoh's army was come forth out of Egypt: and when the Chaldeans that besieged Jerusalem heard tidings of them, they departed from Jerusalem.
Jeremiah 37:15	Wherefore the princes were wroth with Jeremiah, and smote him, and put him in prison in the house of Jonathan the scribe: for they had made that the prison.
Jeremiah 38:4	Therefore the princes said unto the king, We beseech thee, let this man be put to death: for thus he weakeneth the hands of the men of war that remain in this city, and the hands of all the people, in speaking such words unto them: for this man seeketh not the welfare of this people, but the hurt.
Jeremiah 38:14	Then Zedekiah the king sent, and took Jeremiah the prophet unto him into the third entry that is in the house of the LORD: and the king said unto Jeremiah, I will ask thee a thing; hide nothing from m|e.
Jeremiah 38:24	Then said Zedekiah unto Jeremiah, Let no man know of these words, and thou shalt not die.
Jeremiah 39:6	Then the king of Babylon slew the sons of Zedekiah in Riblah before his eyes: also the king of Babylon slew all the nobles of Judah.
Jeremiah 39:16	Go and speak to Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Behold, I will bring my words upon this city for evil, and not for good; and they shall be accomplished in that day before thee.
Jeremiah 40:8	Then they came to Gedaliah to Mizpah, even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan and Jonathan the sons of Kareah, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth, and the sons of Ephai the Netophathite, and Jezaniah the son of a Maachathite, they and their men.
Jeremiah 41:2	Then arose Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and the ten men that were with him, and smote Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan with the sword, and slew him, whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land.
Jeremiah 41:12	Then they took all the men, and went to fight with Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and found him by the great waters that are in Gibeon.
Jeremiah 42:4	Then Jeremiah the prophet said unto them, I have heard you; behold, I will pray unto the LORD your God according to your words; and it shall come to pass, that whatsoever thing the LORD shall answer you, I will declare it unto you; I will keep nothing back from you.
Jeremiah 42:14	Saying, No; but we will go into the land of Egypt, where we shall see no war, nor hear the sound of the trumpet, nor have hunger of bread; and there will we dwell:
Jeremiah 43:2	Then spake Azariah the son of Hoshaiah, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the proud men, saying unto Jeremiah, Thou speakest falsely: the LORD our God hath not sent thee to say, Go not into Egypt to sojourn there:
Jeremiah 43:12	And I will kindle a fire in the houses of the gods of Egypt; and he shall burn them, and carry them away captives: and he shall array himself with the land of Egypt, as a shepherd putteth on his garment; and he shall go forth from thence in peace.
Jeremiah 44:9	Have ye forgotten the wickedness of your fathers, and the wickedness of the kings of Judah, and the wickedness of their wives, and your own wickedness, and the wickedness of your wives, which they have committed in the land of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem?
Jeremiah 44:19	And when we burned incense to the queen of heaven, and poured out drink offerings unto her, did we make her cakes to worship her, and pour out drink offerings unto her, without our men?
Jeremiah 44:29	And this shall be a sign unto you, saith the LORD, that I will punish you in this place, that ye may know that my words shall surely stand against you for evil:
Jeremiah 46:4	Harness the horses; and get up, ye horsemen, and stand forth with your helmets; furbish the spears, and put on the brigandines.
Jeremiah 46:14	Declare ye in Egypt, and publish in Migdol, and publish in Noph and in Tahpanhes: say ye, Stand fast, and prepare thee; for the sword shall devour round about thee.
Jeremiah 46:24	The daughter of Egypt shall be confounded; she shall be delivered into the hand of the people of the north.
Jeremiah 47:6	O thou sword of the LORD, how long will it be ere thou be quiet? put up thyself into thy scabbard, rest, and be still.
Jeremiah 48:9	Give wings unto Moab, that it may flee and get away: for the cities thereof shall be desolate, without any to dwell therein.
Jeremiah 48:19	O inhabitant of Aroer, stand by the way, and espy; ask him that fleeth, and her that escapeth, and say, What is done?
Jeremiah 48:29	We have heard the pride of Moab, (he is exceeding proud) his loftiness, and his arrogancy, and his pride, and the haughtiness of his heart.
Jeremiah 48:39	They shall howl, saying, How is it broken down! how hath Moab turned the back with shame! so shall Moab be a derision and a dismaying to all them about him.
Jeremiah 49:2	Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will cause an alarm of war to be heard in Rabbah of the Ammonites; and it shall be a desolate heap, and her daughters shall be burned with fire: then shall Israel be heir unto them that were his heirs, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 49:12	For thus saith the LORD; Behold, they whose judgment was not to drink of the cup have assuredly drunken; and art thou he that shall altogether go unpunished? thou shalt not go unpunished, but thou shalt surely drink of it.
Jeremiah 49:22	Behold, he shall come up and fly as the eagle, and spread his wings over Bozrah: and at that day shall the heart of the mighty men of Edom be as the heart of a woman in her pangs.
Jeremiah 49:32	And their camels shall be a booty, and the multitude of their cattle a spoil: and I will scatter into all winds them that are in the utmost corners; and I will bring their calamity from all sides thereof, saith the LORD.
Jeremiah 50:3	For out of the north there cometh up a nation against her, which shall make her land desolate, and none shall dwell therein: they shall remove, they shall depart, both man and beast.
Jeremiah 50:13	Because of the wrath of the LORD it shall not be inhabited, but it shall be wholly desolate: every one that goeth by Babylon shall be astonished, and hiss at all her plagues.
Jeremiah 50:23	How is the hammer of the whole earth cut asunder and broken! how is Babylon become a desolation among the nations!
Jeremiah 50:33	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; The children of Israel and the children of Judah were oppressed together: and all that took them captives held them fast; they refused to let them go.
Jeremiah 50:43	The king of Babylon hath heard the report of them, and his hands waxed feeble: anguish took hold of him, and pangs as of a woman in travail.
Jeremiah 51:7	Babylon hath been a golden cup in the LORD's hand, that made all the earth drunken: the nations have drunken of her wine; therefore the nations are mad.
Jeremiah 51:17	Every man is brutish by his knowledge; every founder is confounded by the graven image: for his molten image is falsehood, and there is no breath in them.
Jeremiah 51:27	Set ye up a standard in the land, blow the trumpet among the nations, prepare the nations against her, call together against her the kingdoms of Ararat, Minni, and Ashchenaz; appoint a captain against her; cause the horses to come up as the rough caterpillers.
Jeremiah 51:37	And Babylon shall become heaps, a dwellingplace for dragons, an astonishment, and an hissing, without an inhabitant.
Jeremiah 51:47	Therefore, behold, the days come, that I will do judgment upon the graven images of Babylon: and her whole land shall be confounded, and all her slain shall fall in the midst of her.
Jeremiah 51:57	And I will make drunk her princes, and her wise men, her captains, and her rulers, and her mighty men: and they shall sleep a perpetual sleep, and not wake, saith the King, whose name is the LORD of hosts.
Jeremiah 52:3	For through the anger of the LORD it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah, till he had cast them out from his presence, that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon.
Jeremiah 52:13	And burned the house of the LORD, and the king's house; and all the houses of Jerusalem, and all the houses of the great men, burned he with fire:
Jeremiah 52:23	And there were ninety and six pomegranates on a side; and all the pomegranates upon the network were an hundred round about.
Jeremiah 52:33	And changed his prison garments: and he did continually eat bread before him all the days of his life.
Lamentations 1:9	Her filthiness is in her skirts; she remembereth not her last end; therefore she came down wonderfully: she had no comforter. O LORD, behold my affliction: for the enemy hath magnified himself.
Lamentations 1:19	I called for my lovers, but they deceived me: my priests and mine elders gave up the ghost in the city, while they sought their meat to relieve their souls.
Lamentations 2:7	The LORD hath cast off his altar, he hath abhorred his sanctuary, he hath given up into the hand of the enemy the walls of her palaces; they have made a noise in the house of the LORD, as in the day of a solemn feast.
Lamentations 2:17	The LORD hath done that which he had devised; he hath fulfilled his word that he had commanded in the days of old: he hath thrown down, and hath not pitied: and he hath caused thine enemy to rejoice over thee, he hath set up the horn of thine adversaries.
Lamentations 3:5	He hath builded against me, and compassed me with gall and travail.
Lamentations 3:15	He hath filled me with bitterness, he hath made me drunken with wormwood.
Lamentations 3:25	The LORD is good unto them that wait for him, to the soul that seeketh him.
Lamentations 3:35	To turn aside the right of a man before the face of the most High,
Lamentations 3:45	Thou hast made us as the offscouring and refuse in the midst of the people.
Lamentations 3:55	I called upon thy name, O LORD, out of the low dungeon.
Lamentations 3:65	Give them sorrow of heart, thy curse unto them.
Lamentations 4:9	They that be slain with the sword are better than they that be slain with hunger: for these pine away, stricken through for want of the fruits of the field.
Lamentations 4:19	Our persecutors are swifter than the eagles of the heaven: they pursued us upon the mountains, they laid wait for us in the wilderness.
Lamentations 5:7	Our fathers have sinned, and are not; and we have borne their iniquities.
Lamentations 5:17	For this our heart is faint; for these things our eyes are dim.
Ezekiel 1:5	Also out of the midst thereof came the likeness of four living creatures. And this was their appearance; they had the likeness of a man.
Ezekiel 1:15	Now as I beheld the living creatures, behold one wheel upon the earth by the living creatures, with his four faces.
Ezekiel 1:25	And there was a voice from the firmament that was over their heads, when they stood, and had let down their wings.
Ezekiel 2:7	And thou shalt speak my words unto them, whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear: for they are most rebellious.
Ezekiel 3:7	But the house of Israel will not hearken unto thee; for they will not hearken unto me: for all the house of Israel are impudent and hardhearted.
Ezekiel 3:17	Son of man, I have made thee a watchman unto the house of Israel: therefore hear the word at my mouth, and give them warning from me.
Ezekiel 3:27	But when I speak with thee, I will open thy mouth, and thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; He that heareth, let him hear; and he that forbeareth, let him forbear: for they are a rebellious house.
Ezekiel 4:10	And thy meat which thou shalt eat shall be by weight, twenty shekels a day: from time to time shalt thou eat it.
Ezekiel 5:3	Thou shalt also take thereof a few in number, and bind them in thy skirts.
Ezekiel 5:13	Thus shall mine anger be accomplished, and I will cause my fury to rest upon them, and I will be comforted: and they shall know that I the LORD have spoken it in my zeal, when I have accomplished my fury in them.
Ezekiel 6:6	In all your dwellingplaces the cities shall be laid waste, and the high places shall be desolate; that your altars may be laid waste and made desolate, and your idols may be broken and cease, and your images may be cut down, and your works may be abolished.
Ezekiel 7:2	Also, thou son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD unto the land of Israel; An end, the end is come upon the four corners of the land.
Ezekiel 7:12	The time is come, the day draweth near: let not the buyer rejoice, nor the seller mourn: for wrath is upon all the multitude thereof.
Ezekiel 7:22	My face will I turn also from them, and they shall pollute my secret place: for the robbers shall enter into it, and defile it.
Ezekiel 8:5	Then said he unto me, Son of man, lift up thine eyes now the way toward the north. So I lifted up mine eyes the way toward the north, and behold northward at the gate of the altar this image of jealousy in the entry.
Ezekiel 8:15	Then said he unto me, Hast thou seen this, O son of man? turn thee yet again, and thou shalt see greater abominations than these.
Ezekiel 9:7	And he said unto them, Defile the house, and fill the courts with the slain: go ye forth. And they went forth, and slew in the city.
Ezekiel 10:6	And it came to pass, that when he had commanded the man clothed with linen, saying, Take fire from between the wheels, from between the cherubims; then he went in, and stood beside the wheels.
Ezekiel 10:16	And when the cherubims went, the wheels went by them: and when the cherubims lifted up their wings to mount up from the earth, the same wheels also turned not from beside them.
Ezekiel 11:4	Therefore prophesy against them, prophesy, O son of man.
Ezekiel 11:14	Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 11:24	Afterwards the spirit took me up, and brought me in a vision by the Spirit of God into Chaldea, to them of the captivity. So the vision that I had seen went up from me.
Ezekiel 12:9	Son of man, hath not the house of Israel, the rebellious house, said unto thee, What doest thou?
Ezekiel 12:19	And say unto the people of the land, Thus saith the Lord GOD of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and of the land of Israel; They shall eat their bread with carefulness, and drink their water with astonishment, that her land may be desolate from all that is therein, because of the violence of all them that dwell therein.
Ezekiel 13:1	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 13:11	Say unto them which daub it with untempered morter, that it shall fall: there shall be an overflowing shower; and ye, O great hailstones, shall fall; and a stormy wind shall rend it.
Ezekiel 13:21	Your kerchiefs also will I tear, and deliver my people out of your hand, and they shall be no more in your hand to be hunted; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 14:8	And I will set my face against that man, and will make him a sign and a proverb, and I will cut him off from the midst of my people; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 14:18	Though these three men were in it, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters, but they only shall be delivered themselves.
Ezekiel 15:5	Behold, when it was whole, it was meet for no work: how much less shall it be meet yet for any work, when the fire hath devoured it, and it is burned?
Ezekiel 16:7	I have caused thee to multiply as the bud of the field, and thou hast increased and waxen great, and thou art come to excellent ornaments: thy breasts are fashioned, and thine hair is grown, whereas thou wast naked and bare.
Ezekiel 16:17	Thou hast also taken thy fair jewels of my gold and of my silver, which I had given thee, and madest to thyself images of men, and didst commit whoredom with them,
Ezekiel 16:27	Behold, therefore I have stretched out my hand over thee, and have diminished thine ordinary food, and delivered thee unto the will of them that hate thee, the daughters of the Philistines, which are ashamed of thy lewd way.
Ezekiel 16:37	Behold, therefore I will gather all thy lovers, with whom thou hast taken pleasure, and all them that thou hast loved, with all them that thou hast hated; I will even gather them round about against thee, and will discover thy nakedness unto them, that they may see all thy nakedness.
Ezekiel 16:47	Yet hast thou not walked after their ways, nor done after their abominations: but, as if that were a very little thing, thou wast corrupted more than they in all thy ways.
Ezekiel 16:57	Before thy wickedness was discovered, as at the time of thy reproach of the daughters of Syria, and all that are round about her, the daughters of the Philistines, which despise thee round about.
Ezekiel 17:4	He cropped off the top of his young twigs, and carried it into a land of traffick; he set it in a city of merchants.
Ezekiel 17:14	That the kingdom might be base, that it might not lift itself up, but that by keeping of his covenant it might stand.
Ezekiel 17:24	And all the trees of the field shall know that I the LORD have brought down the high tree, have exalted the low tree, have dried up the green tree, and have made the dry tree to flourish: I the LORD have spoken and have done it.
Ezekiel 18:10	If he beget a son that is a robber, a shedder of blood, and that doeth the like to any one of these things,
Ezekiel 18:20	The soul that sinneth, it shall die. The son shall not bear the iniquity of the father, neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son: the righteousness of the righteous shall be upon him, and the wickedness of the wicked shall be upon him.
Ezekiel 18:30	Therefore I will judge you, O house of Israel, every one according to his ways, saith the Lord GOD. Repent, and turn yourselves from all your transgressions; so iniquity shall not be your ruin.
Ezekiel 19:8	Then the nations set against him on every side from the provinces, and spread their net over him: he was taken in their pit.
Ezekiel 20:4	Wilt thou judge them, son of man, wilt thou judge them? cause them to know the abominations of their fathers:
Ezekiel 20:14	But I wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be polluted before the heathen, in whose sight I brought them out.
Ezekiel 20:24	Because they had not executed my judgments, but had despised my statutes, and had polluted my sabbaths, and their eyes were after their fathers' idols.
Ezekiel 20:34	And I will bring you out from the people, and will gather you out of the countries wherein ye are scattered, with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with fury poured out.
Ezekiel 20:44	And ye shall know that I am the LORD when I have wrought with you for my name's sake, not according to your wicked ways, nor according to your corrupt doings, O ye house of Israel, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 21:5	That all flesh may know that I the LORD have drawn forth my sword out of his sheath: it shall not return any more.
Ezekiel 21:15	I have set the point of the sword against all their gates, that their heart may faint, and their ruins be multiplied: ah! it is made bright, it is wrapped up for the slaughter.
Ezekiel 21:25	And thou, profane wicked prince of Israel, whose day is come, when iniquity shall have an end,
Ezekiel 22:3	Then say thou, Thus saith the Lord GOD, The city sheddeth blood in the midst of it, that her time may come, and maketh idols against herself to defile herself.
Ezekiel 22:13	Behold, therefore I have smitten mine hand at thy dishonest gain which thou hast made, and at thy blood which hath been in the midst of thee.
Ezekiel 22:23	And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 23:2	Son of man, there were two women, the daughters of one mother:
Ezekiel 23:12	She doted upon the Assyrians her neighbours, captains and rulers clothed most gorgeously, horsemen riding upon horses, all of them desirable young men.
Ezekiel 23:22	Therefore, O Aholibah, thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will raise up thy lovers against thee, from whom thy mind is alienated, and I will bring them against thee on every side;
Ezekiel 23:32	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Thou shalt drink of thy sister's cup deep and large: thou shalt be laughed to scorn and had in derision; it containeth much.
Ezekiel 23:42	And a voice of a multitude being at ease was with her: and with the men of the common sort were brought Sabeans from the wilderness, which put bracelets upon their hands, and beautiful crowns upon their heads.
Ezekiel 24:3	And utter a parable unto the rebellious house, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Set on a pot, set it on, and also pour water into it:
Ezekiel 24:13	In thy filthiness is lewdness: because I have purged thee, and thou wast not purged, thou shalt not be purged from thy filthiness any more, till I have caused my fury to rest upon thee.
Ezekiel 24:23	And your tires shall be upon your heads, and your shoes upon your feet: ye shall not mourn nor weep; but ye shall pine away for your iniquities, and mourn one toward another.
Ezekiel 25:6	For thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast clapped thine hands, and stamped with the feet, and rejoiced in heart with all thy despite against the land of Israel;
Ezekiel 25:16	Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will stretch out mine hand upon the Philistines, and I will cut off the Cherethims, and destroy the remnant of the sea coast.
Ezekiel 26:9	And he shall set engines of war against thy walls, and with his axes he shall break down thy towers.
Ezekiel 26:19	For thus saith the Lord GOD; When I shall make thee a desolate city, like the cities that are not inhabited; when I shall bring up the deep upon thee, and great waters shall cover thee;
Ezekiel 27:8	The inhabitants of Zidon and Arvad were thy mariners: thy wise men, O Tyrus, that were in thee, were thy pilots.
Ezekiel 27:18	Damascus was thy merchant in the multitude of the wares of thy making, for the multitude of all riches; in the wine of Helbon, and white wool.
Ezekiel 27:28	The suburbs shall shake at the sound of the cry of thy pilots.
Ezekiel 28:2	Son of man, say unto the prince of Tyrus, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thine heart is lifted up, and thou hast said, I am a God, I sit in the seat of God, in the midst of the seas; yet thou art a man, and not God, though thou set thine heart as the heart of God:
Ezekiel 28:12	Son of man, take up a lamentation upon the king of Tyrus, and say unto him, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Thou sealest up the sum, full of wisdom, and perfect in beauty.
Ezekiel 28:22	And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Zidon; and I will be glorified in the midst of thee: and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall have executed judgments in her, and shall be sanctified in her.
Ezekiel 29:6	And all the inhabitants of Egypt shall know that I am the LORD, because they have been a staff of reed to the house of Israel.
Ezekiel 29:16	And it shall be no more the confidence of the house of Israel, which bringeth their iniquity to remembrance, when they shall look after them: but they shall know that I am the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 30:5	Ethiopia, and Libya, and Lydia, and all the mingled people, and Chub, and the men of the land that is in league, shall fall with them by the sword.
Ezekiel 30:15	And I will pour my fury upon Sin, the strength of Egypt; and I will cut off the multitude of No.
Ezekiel 30:25	But I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and the arms of Pharaoh shall fall down; and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall put my sword into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall stretch it out upon the land of Egypt.
Ezekiel 31:9	I have made him fair by the multitude of his branches: so that all the trees of Eden, that were in the garden of God, envied him.
Ezekiel 32:1	And it came to pass in the twelfth year, in the twelfth month, in the first day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,
Ezekiel 32:11	For thus saith the Lord GOD; The sword of the king of Babylon shall come upon thee.
Ezekiel 32:21	The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst of hell with them that help him: they are gone down, they lie uncircumcised, slain by the sword.
Ezekiel 32:31	Pharaoh shall see them, and shall be comforted over all his multitude, even Pharaoh and all his army slain by the sword, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 33:9	Nevertheless, if thou warn the wicked of his way to turn from it; if he do not turn from his way, he shall die in his iniquity; but thou hast delivered thy soul.
Ezekiel 33:19	But if the wicked turn from his wickedness, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall live thereby.
Ezekiel 33:29	Then shall they know that I am the LORD, when I have laid the land most desolate because of all their abominations which they have committed.
Ezekiel 34:6	My sheep wandered through all the mountains, and upon every high hill: yea, my flock was scattered upon all the face of the earth, and none did search or seek after them.
Ezekiel 34:16	I will seek that which was lost, and bring again that which was driven away, and will bind up that which was broken, and will strengthen that which was sick: but I will destroy the fat and the strong; I will feed them with judgment.
Ezekiel 34:26	And I will make them and the places round about my hill a blessing; and I will cause the shower to come down in his season; there shall be showers of blessing.
Ezekiel 35:5	Because thou hast had a perpetual hatred, and hast shed the blood of the children of Israel by the force of the sword in the time of their calamity, in the time that their iniquity had an end:
Ezekiel 35:15	As thou didst rejoice at the inheritance of the house of Israel, because it was desolate, so will I do unto thee: thou shalt be desolate, O mount Seir, and all Idumea, even all of it: and they shall know that I am the LORD.
Ezekiel 36:10	And I will multiply men upon you, all the house of Israel, even all of it: and the cities shall be inhabited, and the wastes shall be builded:
Ezekiel 36:20	And when they entered unto the heathen, whither they went, they profaned my holy name, when they said to them, These are the people of the LORD, and are gone forth out of his land.
Ezekiel 36:30	And I will multiply the fruit of the tree, and the increase of the field, that ye shall receive no more reproach of famine among the heathen.
Ezekiel 37:2	And caused me to pass by them round about: and, behold, there were very many in the open valley; and, lo, they were very dry.
Ezekiel 37:12	Therefore prophesy and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O my people, I will open your graves, and cause you to come up out of your graves, and bring you into the land of Israel.
Ezekiel 37:22	And I will make them one nation in the land upon the mountains of Israel; and one king shall be king to them all: and they shall be no more two nations, neither shall they be divided into two kingdoms any more at all.
Ezekiel 38:4	And I will turn thee back, and put hooks into thy jaws, and I will bring thee forth, and all thine army, horses and horsemen, all of them clothed with all sorts of armour, even a great company with bucklers and shields, all of them handling swords:
Ezekiel 38:14	Therefore, son of man, prophesy and say unto Gog, Thus saith the Lord GOD; In that day when my people of Israel dwelleth safely, shalt thou not know it?
Ezekiel 39:1	Therefore, thou son of man, prophesy against Gog, and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O Gog, the chief prince of Meshech and Tubal:
Ezekiel 39:11	And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will give unto Gog a place there of graves in Israel, the valley of the passengers on the east of the sea: and it shall stop the noses of the passengers: and there shall they bury Gog and all his multitude: and they shall call it The valley of Hamongog.
Ezekiel 39:21	And I will set my glory among the heathen, and all the heathen shall see my judgment that I have executed, and my hand that I have laid upon them.
Ezekiel 40:2	In the visions of God brought he me into the land of Israel, and set me upon a very high mountain, by which was as the frame of a city on the south.
Ezekiel 40:12	The space also before the little chambers was one cubit on this side, and the space was one cubit on that side: and the little chambers were six cubits on this side, and six cubits on that side.
Ezekiel 40:22	And their windows, and their arches, and their palm trees, were after the measure of the gate that looketh toward the east; and they went up unto it by seven steps; and the arches thereof were before them.
Ezekiel 40:32	And he brought me into the inner court toward the east: and he measured the gate according to these measures.
Ezekiel 40:42	And the four tables were of hewn stone for the burnt offering, of a cubit and an half long, and a cubit and an half broad, and one cubit high: whereupon also they laid the instruments wherewith they slew the burnt offering and the sacrifice.
Ezekiel 41:3	Then went he inward, and measured the post of the door, two cubits; and the door, six cubits; and the breadth of the door, seven cubits.
Ezekiel 41:13	So he measured the house, an hundred cubits long; and the separate place, and the building, with the walls thereof, an hundred cubits long;
Ezekiel 41:23	And the temple and the sanctuary had two doors.
Ezekiel 42:7	And the wall that was without over against the chambers, toward the utter court on the forepart of the chambers, the length thereof was fifty cubits.
Ezekiel 42:17	He measured the north side, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed round about.
Ezekiel 43:7	And he said unto me, Son of man, the place of my throne, and the place of the soles of my feet, where I will dwell in the midst of the children of Israel for ever, and my holy name, shall the house of Israel no more defile, neither they, nor their kings, by their whoredom, nor by the carcases of their kings in their high places.
Ezekiel 43:17	And the settle shall be fourteen cubits long and fourteen broad in the four squares thereof; and the border about it shall be half a cubit; and the bottom thereof shall be a cubit about; and his stairs shall look toward the east.
Ezekiel 43:27	And when these days are expired, it shall be, that upon the eighth day, and so forward, the priests shall make your burnt offerings upon the altar, and your peace offerings; and I will accept you, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 44:10	And the Levites that are gone away far from me, when Israel went astray, which went astray away from me after their idols; they shall even bear their iniquity.
Ezekiel 44:20	Neither shall they shave their heads, nor suffer their locks to grow long; they shall only poll their heads.
Ezekiel 44:30	And the first of all the firstfruits of all things, and every oblation of all, of every sort of your oblations, shall be the priest's: ye shall also give unto the priest the first of your dough, that he may cause the blessing to rest in thine house.
Ezekiel 45:9	Thus saith the Lord GOD; Let it suffice you, O princes of Israel: remove violence and spoil, and execute judgment and justice, take away your exactions from my people, saith the Lord GOD.
Ezekiel 45:19	And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering, and put it upon the posts of the house, and upon the four corners of the settle of the altar, and upon the posts of the gate of the inner court.
Ezekiel 46:4	And the burnt offering that the prince shall offer unto the LORD in the sabbath day shall be six lambs without blemish, and a ram without blemish.
Ezekiel 46:14	And thou shalt prepare a meat offering for it every morning, the sixth part of an ephah, and the third part of an hin of oil, to temper with the fine flour; a meat offering continually by a perpetual ordinance unto the LORD.
Ezekiel 46:24	Then said he unto me, These are the places of them that boil, where the ministers of the house shall boil the sacrifice of the people.
Ezekiel 47:10	And it shall come to pass, that the fishers shall stand upon it from Engedi even unto Eneglaim; they shall be a place to spread forth nets; their fish shall be according to their kinds, as the fish of the great sea, exceeding many.
Ezekiel 47:20	The west side also shall be the great sea from the border, till a man come over against Hamath. This is the west side.
Ezekiel 48:7	And by the border of Reuben, from the east side unto the west side, a portion for Judah.
Ezekiel 48:17	And the suburbs of the city shall be toward the north two hundred and fifty, and toward the south two hundred and fifty, and toward the east two hundred and fifty, and toward the west two hundred and fifty.
Ezekiel 48:27	And by the border of Zebulun, from the east side unto the west side, Gad a portion.
Daniel 1:2	And the Lord gave Jehoiakim king of Judah into his hand, with part of the vessels of the house of God: which he carried into the land of Shinar to the house of his god; and he brought the vessels into the treasure house of his god.
Daniel 1:12	Prove thy servants, I beseech thee, ten days; and let them give us pulse to eat, and water to drink.
Daniel 2:1	And in the second year of the reign of Nebuchadnezzar Nebuchadnezzar dreamed dreams, wherewith his spirit was troubled, and his sleep brake from him.
Daniel 2:11	And it is a rare thing that the king requireth, and there is none other that can shew it before the king, except the gods, whose dwelling is not with flesh.
Daniel 2:21	And he changeth the times and the seasons: he removeth kings, and setteth up kings: he giveth wisdom unto the wise, and knowledge to them that know understanding:
Daniel 2:31	Thou, O king, sawest, and behold a great image. This great image, whose brightness was excellent, stood before thee; and the form thereof was terrible.
Daniel 2:41	And whereas thou sawest the feet and toes, part of potters' clay, and part of iron, the kingdom shall be divided; but there shall be in it of the strength of the iron, forasmuch as thou sawest the iron mixed with miry clay.
Daniel 3:2	Then Nebuchadnezzar the king sent to gather together the princes, the governors, and the captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, to come to the dedication of the image which Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up.
Daniel 3:12	There are certain Jews whom thou hast set over the affairs of the province of Babylon, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego; these men, O king, have not regarded thee: they serve not thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up.
Daniel 3:22	Therefore because the king's commandment was urgent, and the furnace exceeding hot, the flames of the fire slew those men that took up Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego.
Daniel 4:2	I thought it good to shew the signs and wonders that the high God hath wrought toward me.
Daniel 4:12	The leaves thereof were fair, and the fruit thereof much, and in it was meat for all: the beasts of the field had shadow under it, and the fowls of the heaven dwelt in the boughs thereof, and all flesh was fed of it.
Daniel 4:22	It is thou, O king, that art grown and become strong: for thy greatness is grown, and reacheth unto heaven, and thy dominion to the end of the earth.
Daniel 4:32	And they shall drive thee from men, and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field: they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen, and seven times shall pass over thee, until thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will.
Daniel 5:5	In the same hour came forth fingers of a man's hand, and wrote over against the candlestick upon the plaister of the wall of the king's palace: and the king saw the part of the hand that wrote.
Daniel 5:15	And now the wise men, the astrologers, have been brought in before me, that they should read this writing, and make known unto me the interpretation thereof: but they could not shew the interpretation of the thing:
Daniel 5:25	And this is the writing that was written, MENE, MENE, TEKEL, UPHARSIN.
Daniel 6:4	Then the presidents and princes sought to find occasion against Daniel concerning the kingdom; but they could find none occasion nor fault; forasmuch as he was faithful, neither was there any error or fault found in him.
Daniel 6:14	Then the king, when he heard these words, was sore displeased with himself, and set his heart on Daniel to deliver him: and he laboured till the going down of the sun to deliver him.
Daniel 6:24	And the king commanded, and they brought those men which had accused Daniel, and they cast them into the den of lions, them, their children, and their wives; and the lions had the mastery of them, and brake all their bones in pieces or ever they came at the bottom of the den.
Daniel 7:6	After this I beheld, and lo another, like a leopard, which had upon the back of it four wings of a fowl; the beast had also four heads; and dominion was given to it.
Daniel 7:16	I came near unto one of them that stood by, and asked him the truth of all this. So he told me, and made me know the interpretation of the things.
Daniel 7:26	But the judgment shall sit, and they shall take away his dominion, to consume and to destroy it unto the end.
Daniel 8:8	Therefore the he goat waxed very great: and when he was strong, the great horn was broken; and for it came up four notable ones toward the four winds of heaven.
Daniel 8:18	Now as he was speaking with me, I was in a deep sleep on my face toward the ground: but he touched me, and set me upright.
Daniel 9:1	In the first year of Darius the son of Ahasuerus, of the seed of the Medes, which was made king over the realm of the Chaldeans;
Daniel 9:11	Yea, all Israel have transgressed thy law, even by departing, that they might not obey thy voice; therefore the curse is poured upon us, and the oath that is written in the law of Moses the servant of God, because we have sinned against him.
Daniel 9:21	Yea, whiles I was speaking in prayer, even the man Gabriel, whom I had seen in the vision at the beginning, being caused to fly swiftly, touched me about the time of the evening oblation.
Daniel 10:4	And in the four and twentieth day of the first month, as I was by the side of the great river, which is Hiddekel;
Daniel 10:14	Now I am come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people in the latter days: for yet the vision is for many days.
Daniel 11:3	And a mighty king shall stand up, that shall rule with great dominion, and do according to his will.
Daniel 11:13	For the king of the north shall return, and shall set forth a multitude greater than the former, and shall certainly come after certain years with a great army and with much riches.
Daniel 11:23	And after the league made with him he shall work deceitfully: for he shall come up, and shall become strong with a small people.
Daniel 11:33	And they that understand among the people shall instruct many: yet they shall fall by the sword, and by flame, by captivity, and by spoil, many days.
Daniel 11:43	But he shall have power over the treasures of gold and of silver, and over all the precious things of Egypt: and the Libyans and the Ethiopians shall be at his steps.
Daniel 12:8	And I heard, but I understood not: then said I, O my Lord, what shall be the end of these things?
Hosea 1:5	And it shall come to pass at that day, that I will break the bow of Israel, in the valley of Jezreel.
Hosea 2:4	And I will not have mercy upon her children; for they be the children of whoredoms.
Hosea 2:14	Therefore, behold, I will allure her, and bring her into the wilderness, and speak comfortably unto her.
Hosea 3:1	Then said the LORD unto me, Go yet, love a woman beloved of her friend, yet an adulteress, according to the love of the LORD toward the children of Israel, who look to other gods, and love flagons of wine.
Hosea 4:6	My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me: seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget thy children.
Hosea 4:16	For Israel slideth back as a backsliding heifer: now the LORD will feed them as a lamb in a large place.
Hosea 5:7	They have dealt treacherously against the LORD: for they have begotten strange children: now shall a month devour them with their portions.
Hosea 6:2	After two days will he revive us: in the third day he will raise us up, and we shall live in his sight.
Hosea 7:1	When I would have healed Israel, then the iniquity of Ephraim was discovered, and the wickedness of Samaria: for they commit falsehood; and the thief cometh in, and the troop of robbers spoileth without.
Hosea 7:11	Ephraim also is like a silly dove without heart: they call to Egypt, they go to Assyria.
Hosea 8:5	Thy calf, O Samaria, hath cast thee off; mine anger is kindled against them: how long will it be ere they attain to innocency?
Hosea 9:1	Rejoice not, O Israel, for joy, as other people: for thou hast gone a whoring from thy God, thou hast loved a reward upon every cornfloor.
Hosea 9:11	As for Ephraim, their glory shall fly away like a bird, from the birth, and from the womb, and from the conception.
Hosea 10:4	They have spoken words, swearing falsely in making a covenant: thus judgment springeth up as hemlock in the furrows of the field.
Hosea 10:14	Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy people, and all thy fortresses shall be spoiled, as Shalman spoiled Betharbel in the day of battle: the mother was dashed in pieces upon her children.
Hosea 11:9	I will not execute the fierceness of mine anger, I will not return to destroy Ephraim: for I am God, and not man; the Holy One in the midst of thee: and I will not enter into the city.
Hosea 12:7	He is a merchant, the balances of deceit are in his hand: he loveth to oppress.
Hosea 13:3	Therefore they shall be as the morning cloud and as the early dew that passeth away, as the chaff that is driven with the whirlwind out of the floor, and as the smoke out of the chimney.
Hosea 13:13	The sorrows of a travailing woman shall come upon him: he is an unwise son; for he should not stay long in the place of the breaking forth of children.
Hosea 14:7	They that dwell under his shadow shall return; they shall revive as the corn, and grow as the vine: the scent thereof shall be as the wine of Lebanon.
Joel 1:8	Lament like a virgin girded with sackcloth for the husband of her youth.
Joel 1:18	How do the beasts groan! the herds of cattle are perplexed, because they have no pasture; yea, the flocks of sheep are made desolate.
Joel 2:8	Neither shall one thrust another; they shall walk every one in his path: and when they fall upon the sword, they shall not be wounded.
Joel 2:18	Then will the LORD be jealous for his land, and pity his people.
Joel 2:28	And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:
Joel 3:6	The children also of Judah and the children of Jerusalem have ye sold unto the Grecians, that ye might remove them far from their border.
Joel 3:16	The LORD also shall roar out of Zion, and utter his voice from Jerusalem; and the heavens and the earth shall shake: but the LORD will be the hope of his people, and the strength of the children of Israel.
Amos 1:5	I will break also the bar of Damascus, and cut off the inhabitant from the plain of Aven, and him that holdeth the sceptre from the house of Eden: and the people of Syria shall go into captivity unto Kir, saith the LORD.
Amos 1:15	And their king shall go into captivity, he and his princes together, saith the LORD.
Amos 2:10	Also I brought you up from the land of Egypt, and led you forty years through the wilderness, to possess the land of the Amorite.
Amos 3:4	Will a lion roar in the forest, when he hath no prey? will a young lion cry out of his den, if he have taken nothing?
Amos 3:14	That in the day that I shall visit the transgressions of Israel upon him I will also visit the altars of Bethel: and the horns of the altar shall be cut off, and fall to the ground.
Amos 4:9	I have smitten you with blasting and mildew: when your gardens and your vineyards and your fig trees and your olive trees increased, the palmerworm devoured them: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.
Amos 5:6	Seek the LORD, and ye shall live; lest he break out like fire in the house of Joseph, and devour it, and there be none to quench it in Bethel.
Amos 5:16	Therefore the LORD, the God of hosts, the LORD, saith thus; Wailing shall be in all streets; and they shall say in all the highways, Alas! alas! and they shall call the husbandman to mourning, and such as are skilful of lamentation to wailing.
Amos 5:26	But ye have borne the tabernacle of your Moloch and Chiun your images, the star of your god, which ye made to yourselves.
Amos 6:9	And it shall come to pass, if there remain ten men in one house, that they shall die.
Amos 7:5	Then said I, O Lord GOD, cease, I beseech thee: by whom shall Jacob arise? for he is small.
Amos 7:15	And the LORD took me as I followed the flock, and the LORD said unto me, Go, prophesy unto my people Israel.
Amos 8:8	Shall not the land tremble for this, and every one mourn that dwelleth therein? and it shall rise up wholly as a flood; and it shall be cast out and drowned, as by the flood of Egypt.
Amos 9:4	And though they go into captivity before their enemies, thence will I command the sword, and it shall slay them: and I will set mine eyes upon them for evil, and not for good.
Amos 9:14	And I will bring again the captivity of my people of Israel, and they shall build the waste cities, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and drink the wine thereof; they shall also make gardens, and eat the fruit of them.
Obadiah 1:9	And thy mighty men, O Teman, shall be dismayed, to the end that every one of the mount of Esau may be cut off by slaughter.
Obadiah 1:19	And they of the south shall possess the mount of Esau; and they of the plain the Philistines: and they shall possess the fields of Ephraim, and the fields of Samaria: and Benjamin shall possess Gilead.
Jonah 1:8	Then said they unto him, Tell us, we pray thee, for whose cause this evil is upon us; What is thine occupation? and whence comest thou? what is thy country? and of what people art thou?
Jonah 2:1	Then Jonah prayed unto the LORD his God out of the fish's belly,
Jonah 3:1	And the word of the LORD came unto Jonah the second time, saying,
Jonah 4:1	But it displeased Jonah exceedingly, and he was very angry.
Jonah 4:11	And should not I spare Nineveh, that great city, wherein are more then sixscore thousand persons that cannot discern between their right hand and their left hand; and also much cattle?
Micah 1:10	Declare ye it not at Gath, weep ye not at all: in the house of Aphrah roll thyself in the dust.
Micah 2:4	In that day shall one take up a parable against you, and lament with a doleful lamentation, and say, We be utterly spoiled: he hath changed the portion of my people: how hath he removed it from me! turning away he hath divided our fields.
Micah 3:1	And I said, Hear, I pray you, O heads of Jacob, and ye princes of the house of Israel; Is it not for you to know judgment?
Micah 3:11	The heads thereof judge for reward, and the priests thereof teach for hire, and the prophets thereof divine for money: yet will they lean upon the LORD, and say, Is not the LORD among us? none evil can come upon us.
Micah 4:9	Now why dost thou cry out aloud? is there no king in thee? is thy counsellor perished? for pangs have taken thee as a woman in travail.
Micah 5:6	And they shall waste the land of Assyria with the sword, and the land of Nimrod in the entrances thereof: thus shall he deliver us from the Assyrian, when he cometh into our land, and when he treadeth within our borders.
Micah 6:1	Hear ye now what the LORD saith; Arise, contend thou before the mountains, and let the hills hear thy voice.
Micah 6:11	Shall I count them pure with the wicked balances, and with the bag of deceitful weights?
Micah 7:5	Trust ye not in a friend, put ye not confidence in a guide: keep the doors of thy mouth from her that lieth in thy bosom.
Micah 7:15	According to the days of thy coming out of the land of Egypt will I shew unto him marvellous things.
Nahum 1:5	The mountains quake at him, and the hills melt, and the earth is burned at his presence, yea, the world, and all that dwell therein.
Nahum 1:15	Behold upon the mountains the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace! O Judah, keep thy solemn feasts, perform thy vows: for the wicked shall no more pass through thee; he is utterly cut off.
Nahum 2:10	She is empty, and void, and waste: and the heart melteth, and the knees smite together, and much pain is in all loins, and the faces of them all gather blackness.
Nahum 3:7	And it shall come to pass, that all they that look upon thee shall flee from thee, and say, Nineveh is laid waste: who will bemoan her? whence shall I seek comforters for thee?
Nahum 3:17	Thy crowned are as the locusts, and thy captains as the great grasshoppers, which camp in the hedges in the cold day, but when the sun ariseth they flee away, and their place is not known where they are.
Habakkuk 1:8	Their horses also are swifter than the leopards, and are more fierce than the evening wolves: and their horsemen shall spread themselves, and their horsemen shall come from far; they shall fly as the eagle that hasteth to eat.
Habakkuk 2:1	I will stand upon my watch, and set me upon the tower, and will watch to see what he will say unto me, and what I shall answer when I am reproved.
Habakkuk 2:11	For the stone shall cry out of the wall, and the beam out of the timber shall answer it.
Habakkuk 3:1	A prayer of Habakkuk the prophet upon Shigionoth.
Habakkuk 3:11	The sun and moon stood still in their habitation: at the light of thine arrows they went, and at the shining of thy glittering spear.
Zephaniah 1:2	I will utterly consume all things from off the land, saith the LORD.
Zephaniah 1:12	And it shall come to pass at that time, that I will search Jerusalem with candles, and punish the men that are settled on their lees: that say in their heart, The LORD will not do good, neither will he do evil.
Zephaniah 2:4	For Gaza shall be forsaken, and Ashkelon a desolation: they shall drive out Ashdod at the noon day, and Ekron shall be rooted up.
Zephaniah 2:14	And flocks shall lie down in the midst of her, all the beasts of the nations: both the cormorant and the bittern shall lodge in the upper lintels of it; their voice shall sing in the windows; desolation shall be in the thresholds; for he shall uncover the cedar work.
Zephaniah 3:9	For then will I turn to the people a pure language, that they may all call upon the name of the LORD, to serve him with one consent.
Zephaniah 3:19	Behold, at that time I will undo all that afflict thee: and I will save her that halteth, and gather her that was driven out; and I will get them praise and fame in every land where they have been put to shame.
Haggai 1:9	Ye looked for much, and, lo it came to little; and when ye brought it home, I did blow upon it. Why? saith the LORD of hosts. Because of mine house that is waste, and ye run every man unto his own house.
Haggai 2:4	Yet now be strong, O Zerubbabel, saith the LORD; and be strong, O Joshua, son of Josedech, the high priest; and be strong, all ye people of the land, saith the LORD, and work: for I am with you, saith the LORD of hosts:
Haggai 2:14	Then answered Haggai, and said, So is this people, and so is this nation before me, saith the LORD; and so is every work of their hands; and that which they offer there is unclean.
Zechariah 1:1	In the eighth month, in the second year of Darius, came the word of the LORD unto Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, saying,
Zechariah 1:11	And they answered the angel of the LORD that stood among the myrtle trees, and said, We have walked to and fro through the earth, and, behold, all the earth sitteth still, and is at rest.
Zechariah 1:21	Then said I, What come these to do? And he spake, saying, These are the horns which have scattered Judah, so that no man did lift up his head: but these are come to fray them, to cast out the horns of the Gentiles, which lifted up their horn over the land of Judah to scatter it.
Zechariah 2:10	Sing and rejoice, O daughter of Zion: for, lo, I come, and I will dwell in the midst of thee, saith the LORD.
Zechariah 3:7	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; If thou wilt walk in my ways, and if thou wilt keep my charge, then thou shalt also judge my house, and shalt also keep my courts, and I will give thee places to walk among these that stand by.
Zechariah 4:7	Who art thou, O great mountain? before Zerubbabel thou shalt become a plain: and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, Grace, grace unto it.
Zechariah 5:3	Then said he unto me, This is the curse that goeth forth over the face of the whole earth: for every one that stealeth shall be cut off as on this side according to it; and every one that sweareth shall be cut off as on that side according to it.
Zechariah 6:2	In the first chariot were red horses; and in the second chariot black horses;
Zechariah 6:12	And speak unto him, saying, Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, saying, Behold the man whose name is The BRANCH; and he shall grow up out of his place, and he shall build the temple of the LORD:
Zechariah 7:7	Should ye not hear the words which the LORD hath cried by the former prophets, when Jerusalem was inhabited and in prosperity, and the cities thereof round about her, when men inhabited the south and the plain?
Zechariah 8:3	Thus saith the LORD; I am returned unto Zion, and will dwell in the midst of Jerusalem: and Jerusalem shall be called a city of truth; and the mountain of the LORD of hosts the holy mountain.
Zechariah 8:13	And it shall come to pass, that as ye were a curse among the heathen, O house of Judah, and house of Israel; so will I save you, and ye shall be a blessing: fear not, but let your hands be strong.
Zechariah 8:23	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; In those days it shall come to pass, that ten men shall take hold out of all languages of the nations, even shall take hold of the skirt of him that is a Jew, saying, We will go with you: for we have heard that God is with you.
Zechariah 9:10	And I will cut off the chariot from Ephraim, and the horse from Jerusalem, and the battle bow shall be cut off: and he shall speak peace unto the heathen: and his dominion shall be from sea even to sea, and from the river even to the ends of the earth.
Zechariah 10:3	Mine anger was kindled against the shepherds, and I punished the goats: for the LORD of hosts hath visited his flock the house of Judah, and hath made them as his goodly horse in the battle.
Zechariah 11:1	Open thy doors, O Lebanon, that the fire may devour thy cedars.
Zechariah 11:11	And it was broken in that day: and so the poor of the flock that waited upon me knew that it was the word of the LORD.
Zechariah 12:4	In that day, saith the LORD, I will smite every horse with astonishment, and his rider with madness: and I will open mine eyes upon the house of Judah, and will smite every horse of the people with blindness.
Zechariah 12:14	All the families that remain, every family apart, and their wives apart.
Zechariah 14:1	Behold, the day of the LORD cometh, and thy spoil shall be divided in the midst of thee.
Zechariah 14:11	And men shall dwell in it, and there shall be no more utter destruction; but Jerusalem shall be safely inhabited.
Zechariah 14:21	Yea, every pot in Jerusalem and in Judah shall be holiness unto the LORD of hosts: and all they that sacrifice shall come and take of them, and seethe therein: and in that day there shall be no more the Canaanite in the house of the LORD of hosts.
Malachi 1:10	Who is there even among you that would shut the doors for nought? neither do ye kindle fire on mine altar for nought. I have no pleasure in you, saith the LORD of hosts, neither will I accept an offering at your hand.
Malachi 2:6	The law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not found in his lips: he walked with me in peace and equity, and did turn many away from iniquity.
Malachi 2:16	For the LORD, the God of Israel, saith that he hateth putting away: for one covereth violence with his garment, saith the LORD of hosts: therefore take heed to your spirit, that ye deal not treacherously.
Malachi 3:9	Ye are cursed with a curse: for ye have robbed me, even this whole nation.
Malachi 4:1	For, behold, the day cometh, that shall burn as an oven; and all the proud, yea, and all that do wickedly, shall be stubble: and the day that cometh shall burn them up, saith the LORD of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch.
Matthew 1:5	And Salmon begat Booz of Rachab; and Booz begat Obed of Ruth; and Obed begat Jesse;
Matthew 1:15	And Eliud begat Eleazar; and Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob;
Matthew 1:25	And knew her not till she had brought forth her firstborn son: and he called his name JESUS.
Matthew 2:10	When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceeding great joy.
Matthew 2:20	Saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and go into the land of Israel: for they are dead which sought the young child's life.
Matthew 3:7	But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadducees come to his baptism, he said unto them, O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come?
Matthew 3:17	And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.
Matthew 4:10	Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.
Matthew 4:20	And they straightway left their nets, and followed him.
Matthew 5:5	Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth.
Matthew 5:15	Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house.
Matthew 5:25	Agree with thine adversary quickly, whiles thou art in the way with him; lest at any time the adversary deliver thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the officer, and thou be cast into prison.
Matthew 5:35	Nor by the earth; for it is his footstool: neither by Jerusalem; for it is the city of the great King.
Matthew 5:45	That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust.
Matthew 6:7	But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen do: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.
Matthew 6:17	But thou, when thou fastest, anoint thine head, and wash thy face;
Matthew 6:27	Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature?
Matthew 7:3	And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye?
Matthew 7:13	Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat:
Matthew 7:23	And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.
Matthew 8:4	And Jesus saith unto him, See thou tell no man; but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer the gift that Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.
Matthew 8:14	And when Jesus was come into Peter's house, he saw his wife's mother laid, and sick of a fever.
Matthew 8:24	And, behold, there arose a great tempest in the sea, insomuch that the ship was covered with the waves: but he was asleep.
Matthew 8:34	And, behold, the whole city came out to meet Jesus: and when they saw him, they besought him that he would depart out of their coasts.
Matthew 9:10	And it came to pass, as Jesus sat at meat in the house, behold, many publicans and sinners came and sat down with him and his disciples.
Matthew 9:20	And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment:
Matthew 9:30	And their eyes were opened; and Jesus straitly charged them, saying, See that no man know it.
Matthew 10:2	Now the names of the twelve apostles are these; The first, Simon, who is called Peter, and Andrew his brother; James the son of Zebedee, and John his brother;
Matthew 10:12	And when ye come into an house, salute it.
Matthew 10:22	And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that endureth to the end shall be saved.
Matthew 10:32	Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men, him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 10:42	And whosoever shall give to drink unto one of these little ones a cup of cold water only in the name of a disciple, verily I say unto you, he shall in no wise lose his reward.
Matthew 11:10	For this is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee.
Matthew 11:20	Then began he to upbraid the cities wherein most of his mighty works were done, because they repented not:
Matthew 11:30	For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.
Matthew 12:10	And, behold, there was a man which had his hand withered. And they asked him, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath days? that they might accuse him.
Matthew 12:20	A bruised reed shall he not break, and smoking flax shall he not quench, till he send forth judgment unto victory.
Matthew 12:30	He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth abroad.
Matthew 12:40	For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.
Matthew 12:50	For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother.
Matthew 13:10	And the disciples came, and said unto him, Why speakest thou unto them in parables?
Matthew 13:20	But he that received the seed into stony places, the same is he that heareth the word, and anon with joy receiveth it;
Matthew 13:30	Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat into my barn.
Matthew 13:40	As therefore the tares are gathered and burned in the fire; so shall it be in the end of this world.
Matthew 13:50	And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.
Matthew 14:2	And said unto his servants, This is John the Baptist; he is risen from the dead; and therefore mighty works do shew forth themselves in him.
Matthew 14:12	And his disciples came, and took up the body, and buried it, and went and told Jesus.
Matthew 14:22	And straightway Jesus constrained his disciples to get into a ship, and to go before him unto the other side, while he sent the multitudes away.
Matthew 14:32	And when they were come into the ship, the wind ceased.
Matthew 15:6	And honour not his father or his mother, he shall be free. Thus have ye made the commandment of God of none effect by your tradition.
Matthew 15:16	And Jesus said, Are ye also yet without understanding?
Matthew 15:26	But he answered and said, It is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it to dogs.
Matthew 15:36	And he took the seven loaves and the fishes, and gave thanks, and brake them, and gave to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude.
Matthew 16:7	And they reasoned among themselves, saying, It is because we have taken no bread.
Matthew 16:17	And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.
Matthew 16:27	For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his works.
Matthew 17:9	And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus charged them, saying, Tell the vision to no man, until the Son of man be risen again from the dead.
Matthew 17:19	Then came the disciples to Jesus apart, and said, Why could not we cast him out?
Matthew 18:2	And Jesus called a little child unto him, and set him in the midst of them,
Matthew 18:12	How think ye? if a man have an hundred sheep, and one of them be gone astray, doth he not leave the ninety and nine, and goeth into the mountains, and seeketh that which is gone astray?
Matthew 18:22	Jesus saith unto him, I say not unto thee, Until seven times: but, Until seventy times seven.
Matthew 18:32	Then his lord, after that he had called him, said unto him, O thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt, because thou desiredst me:
Matthew 19:7	They say unto him, Why did Moses then command to give a writing of divorcement, and to put her away?
Matthew 19:17	And he said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God: but if thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments.
Matthew 19:27	Then answered Peter and said unto him, Behold, we have forsaken all, and followed thee; what shall we have therefore?
Matthew 20:7	They say unto him, Because no man hath hired us. He saith unto them, Go ye also into the vineyard; and whatsoever is right, that shall ye receive.
Matthew 20:17	And Jesus going up to Jerusalem took the twelve disciples apart in the way, and said unto them,
Matthew 20:27	And whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant:
Matthew 21:3	And if any man say ought unto you, ye shall say, The Lord hath need of them; and straightway he will send them.
Matthew 21:13	And said unto them, It is written, My house shall be called the house of prayer; but ye have made it a den of thieves.
Matthew 21:23	And when he was come into the temple, the chief priests and the elders of the people came unto him as he was teaching, and said, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority?
Matthew 21:33	Hear another parable: There was a certain householder, which planted a vineyard, and hedged it round about, and digged a winepress in it, and built a tower, and let it out to husbandmen, and went into a far country:
Matthew 21:43	Therefore say I unto you, The kingdom of God shall be taken from you, and given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof.
Matthew 22:7	But when the king heard thereof, he was wroth: and he sent forth his armies, and destroyed those murderers, and burned up their city.
Matthew 22:17	Tell us therefore, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not?
Matthew 22:27	And last of all the woman died also.
Matthew 22:37	Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.
Matthew 23:1	Then spake Jesus to the multitude, and to his disciples,
Matthew 23:11	But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant.
Matthew 23:21	And whoso shall swear by the temple, sweareth by it, and by him that dwelleth therein.
Matthew 23:31	Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets.
Matthew 24:2	And Jesus said unto them, See ye not all these things? verily I say unto you, There shall not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down.
Matthew 24:12	And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold.
Matthew 24:22	And except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved: but for the elect's sake those days shall be shortened.
Matthew 24:32	Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh:
Matthew 24:42	Watch therefore: for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come.
Matthew 25:1	Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins, which took their lamps, and went forth to meet the bridegroom.
Matthew 25:11	Afterward came also the other virgins, saying, Lord, Lord, open to us.
Matthew 25:21	His lord said unto him, Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord.
Matthew 25:31	When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory:
Matthew 25:41	Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels:
Matthew 26:5	But they said, Not on the feast day, lest there be an uproar among the people.
Matthew 26:15	And said unto them, What will ye give me, and I will deliver him unto you? And they covenanted with him for thirty pieces of silver.
Matthew 26:25	Then Judas, which betrayed him, answered and said, Master, is it I? He said unto him, Thou hast said.
Matthew 26:35	Peter said unto him, Though I should die with thee, yet will I not deny thee. Likewise also said all the disciples.
Matthew 26:45	Then cometh he to his disciples, and saith unto them, Sleep on now, and take your rest: behold, the hour is at hand, and the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners.
Matthew 26:55	In that same hour said Jesus to the multitudes, Are ye come out as against a thief with swords and staves for to take me? I sat daily with you teaching in the temple, and ye laid no hold on me.
Matthew 26:65	Then the high priest rent his clothes, saying, He hath spoken blasphemy; what further need have we of witnesses? behold, now ye have heard his blasphemy.
Matthew 26:75	And Peter remembered the word of Jesus, which said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. And he went out, and wept bitterly.
Matthew 27:10	And gave them for the potter's field, as the Lord appointed me.
Matthew 27:20	But the chief priests and elders persuaded the multitude that they should ask Barabbas, and destroy Jesus.
Matthew 27:30	And they spit upon him, and took the reed, and smote him on the head.
Matthew 27:40	And saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days, save thyself. If thou be the Son of God, come down from the cross.
Matthew 27:50	Jesus, when he had cried again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost.
Matthew 27:60	And laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewn out in the rock: and he rolled a great stone to the door of the sepulchre, and departed.
Matthew 28:4	And for fear of him the keepers did shake, and became as dead men.
Matthew 28:14	And if this come to the governor's ears, we will persuade him, and secure you.
Mark 1:4	John did baptize in the wilderness, and preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins.
Mark 1:14	Now after that John was put in prison, Jesus came into Galilee, preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God,
Mark 1:24	Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art, the Holy One of God.
Mark 1:34	And he healed many that were sick of divers diseases, and cast out many devils; and suffered not the devils to speak, because they knew him.
Mark 1:44	And saith unto him, See thou say nothing to any man: but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing those things which Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.
Mark 2:9	Whether is it easier to say to the sick of the palsy, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to say, Arise, and take up thy bed, and walk?
Mark 2:19	And Jesus said unto them, Can the children of the bridechamber fast, while the bridegroom is with them? as long as they have the bridegroom with them, they cannot fast.
Mark 3:1	And he entered again into the synagogue; and there was a man there which had a withered hand.
Mark 3:11	And unclean spirits, when they saw him, fell down before him, and cried, saying, Thou art the Son of God.
Mark 3:21	And when his friends heard of it, they went out to lay hold on him: for they said, He is beside himself.
Mark 3:31	There came then his brethren and his mother, and, standing without, sent unto him, calling him.
Mark 4:6	But when the sun was up, it was scorched; and because it had no root, it withered away.
Mark 4:16	And these are they likewise which are sown on stony ground; who, when they have heard the word, immediately receive it with gladness;
Mark 4:26	And he said, So is the kingdom of God, as if a man should cast seed into the ground;
Mark 4:36	And when they had sent away the multitude, they took him even as he was in the ship. And there were also with him other little ships.
Mark 5:5	And always, night and day, he was in the mountains, and in the tombs, crying, and cutting himself with stones.
Mark 5:15	And they come to Jesus, and see him that was possessed with the devil, and had the legion, sitting, and clothed, and in his right mind: and they were afraid.
Mark 5:25	And a certain woman, which had an issue of blood twelve years,
Mark 5:35	While he yet spake, there came from the ruler of the synagogue's house certain which said, Thy daughter is dead: why troublest thou the Master any further?
Mark 6:2	And when the sabbath day was come, he began to teach in the synagogue: and many hearing him were astonished, saying, From whence hath this man these things? and what wisdom is this which is given unto him, that even such mighty works are wrought by his hands?
Mark 6:12	And they went out, and preached that men should repent.
Mark 6:22	And when the daughter of the said Herodias came in, and danced, and pleased Herod and them that sat with him, the king said unto the damsel, Ask of me whatsoever thou wilt, and I will give it thee.
Mark 6:32	And they departed into a desert place by ship privately.
Mark 6:42	And they did all eat, and were filled.
Mark 6:52	For they considered not the miracle of the loaves: for their heart was hardened.
Mark 7:6	He answered and said unto them, Well hath Esaias prophesied of you hypocrites, as it is written, This people honoureth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me.
Mark 7:16	If any man have ears to hear, let him hear.
Mark 7:26	The woman was a Greek, a Syrophenician by nation; and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter.
Mark 7:36	And he charged them that they should tell no man: but the more he charged them, so much the more a great deal they published it;
Mark 8:9	And they that had eaten were about four thousand: and he sent them away.
Mark 8:19	When I brake the five loaves among five thousand, how many baskets full of fragments took ye up? They say unto him, Twelve.
Mark 8:29	And he saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am? And Peter answereth and saith unto him, Thou art the Christ.
Mark 9:1	And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That there be some of them that stand here, which shall not taste of death, till they have seen the kingdom of God come with power.
Mark 9:11	And they asked him, saying, Why say the scribes that Elias must first come?
Mark 9:21	And he asked his father, How long is it ago since this came unto him? And he said, Of a child.
Mark 9:31	For he taught his disciples, and said unto them, The Son of man is delivered into the hands of men, and they shall kill him; and after that he is killed, he shall rise the third day.
Mark 9:41	For whosoever shall give you a cup of water to drink in my name, because ye belong to Christ, verily I say unto you, he shall not lose his reward.
Mark 10:1	And he arose from thence, and cometh into the coasts of Judaea by the farther side of Jordan: and the people resort unto him again; and, as he was wont, he taught them again.
Mark 10:11	And he saith unto them, Whosoever shall put away his wife, and marry another, committeth adultery against her.
Mark 10:21	Then Jesus beholding him loved him, and said unto him, One thing thou lackest: go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, take up the cross, and follow me.
Mark 10:31	But many that are first shall be last; and the last first.
Mark 10:41	And when the ten heard it, they began to be much displeased with James and John.
Mark 10:51	And Jesus answered and said unto him, What wilt thou that I should do unto thee? The blind man said unto him, Lord, that I might receive my sight.
Mark 11:9	And they that went before, and they that followed, cried, saying, Hosanna; Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord:
Mark 11:19	And when even was come, he went out of the city.
Mark 11:29	And Jesus answered and said unto them, I will also ask of you one question, and answer me, and I will tell you by what authority I do these things.
Mark 12:6	Having yet therefore one son, his wellbeloved, he sent him also last unto them, saying, They will reverence my son.
Mark 12:16	And they brought it. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? And they said unto him, Caesar's.
Mark 12:26	And as touching the dead, that they rise: have ye not read in the book of Moses, how in the bush God spake unto him, saying, I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob?
Mark 12:36	For David himself said by the Holy Ghost, The LORD said to my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, till I make thine enemies thy footstool.
Mark 13:2	And Jesus answering said unto him, Seest thou these great buildings? there shall not be left one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down.
Mark 13:12	Now the brother shall betray the brother to death, and the father the son; and children shall rise up against their parents, and shall cause them to be put to death.
Mark 13:22	For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect.
Mark 13:32	But of that day and that hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels which are in heaven, neither the Son, but the Father.
Mark 14:5	For it might have been sold for more than three hundred pence, and have been given to the poor. And they murmured against her.
Mark 14:15	And he will shew you a large upper room furnished and prepared: there make ready for us.
Mark 14:25	Verily I say unto you, I will drink no more of the fruit of the vine, until that day that I drink it new in the kingdom of God.
Mark 14:35	And he went forward a little, and fell on the ground, and prayed that, if it were possible, the hour might pass from him.
Mark 14:45	And as soon as he was come, he goeth straightway to him, and saith, Master, master; and kissed him.
Mark 14:55	And the chief priests and all the council sought for witness against Jesus to put him to death; and found none.
Mark 14:65	And some began to spit on him, and to cover his face, and to buffet him, and to say unto him, Prophesy: and the servants did strike him with the palms of their hands.
Mark 15:3	And the chief priests accused him of many things: but he answered nothing.
Mark 15:13	And they cried out again, Crucify him.
Mark 15:23	And they gave him to drink wine mingled with myrrh: but he received it not.
Mark 15:33	And when the sixth hour was come, there was darkness over the whole land until the ninth hour.
Mark 15:43	Joseph of Arimathaea, an honourable counsellor, which also waited for the kingdom of God, came, and went in boldly unto Pilate, and craved the body of Jesus.
Mark 16:6	And he saith unto them, Be not affrighted: Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: he is risen; he is not here: behold the place where they laid him.
Mark 16:16	He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.
Luke 1:6	And they were both righteous before God, walking in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord blameless.
Luke 1:16	And many of the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God.
Luke 1:26	And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee, named Nazareth,
Luke 1:36	And, behold, thy cousin Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren.
Luke 1:46	And Mary said, My soul doth magnify the Lord,
Luke 1:56	And Mary abode with her about three months, and returned to her own house.
Luke 1:66	And all they that heard them laid them up in their hearts, saying, What manner of child shall this be! And the hand of the Lord was with him.
Luke 1:76	And thou, child, shalt be called the prophet of the Highest: for thou shalt go before the face of the Lord to prepare his ways;
Luke 2:6	And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered.
Luke 2:16	And they came with haste, and found Mary, and Joseph, and the babe lying in a manger.
Luke 2:26	And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord's Christ.
Luke 2:36	And there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser: she was of a great age, and had lived with an husband seven years from her virginity;
Luke 2:46	And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions.
Luke 3:4	As it is written in the book of the words of Esaias the prophet, saying, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight.
Luke 3:14	And the soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, And what shall we do? And he said unto them, Do violence to no man, neither accuse any falsely; and be content with your wages.
Luke 3:24	Which was the son of Matthat, which was the son of Levi, which was the son of Melchi, which was the son of Janna, which was the son of Joseph,
Luke 3:34	Which was the son of Jacob, which was the son of Isaac, which was the son of Abraham, which was the son of Thara, which was the son of Nachor,
Luke 4:6	And the devil said unto him, All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them: for that is delivered unto me; and to whomsoever I will I give it.
Luke 4:16	And he came to Nazareth, where he had been brought up: and, as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and stood up for to read.
Luke 4:26	But unto none of them was Elias sent, save unto Sarepta, a city of Sidon, unto a woman that was a widow.
Luke 4:36	And they were all amazed, and spake among themselves, saying, What a word is this! for with authority and power he commandeth the unclean spirits, and they come out.
Luke 5:2	And saw two ships standing by the lake: but the fishermen were gone out of them, and were washing their nets.
Luke 5:12	And it came to pass, when he was in a certain city, behold a man full of leprosy: who seeing Jesus fell on his face, and besought him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.
Luke 5:22	But when Jesus perceived their thoughts, he answering said unto them, What reason ye in your hearts?
Luke 5:32	I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Luke 6:3	And Jesus answering them said, Have ye not read so much as this, what David did, when himself was an hungred, and they which were with him;
Luke 6:13	And when it was day, he called unto him his disciples: and of them he chose twelve, whom also he named apostles;
Luke 6:23	Rejoice ye in that day, and leap for joy: for, behold, your reward is great in heaven: for in the like manner did their fathers unto the prophets.
Luke 6:33	And if ye do good to them which do good to you, what thank have ye? for sinners also do even the same.
Luke 6:43	For a good tree bringeth not forth corrupt fruit; neither doth a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.
Luke 7:4	And when they came to Jesus, they besought him instantly, saying, That he was worthy for whom he should do this:
Luke 7:14	And he came and touched the bier: and they that bare him stood still. And he said, Young man, I say unto thee, Arise.
Luke 7:24	And when the messengers of John were departed, he began to speak unto the people concerning John, What went ye out into the wilderness for to see? A reed shaken with the wind?
Luke 7:34	The Son of man is come eating and drinking; and ye say, Behold a gluttonous man, and a winebibber, a friend of publicans and sinners!
Luke 7:44	And he turned to the woman, and said unto Simon, Seest thou this woman? I entered into thine house, thou gavest me no water for my feet: but she hath washed my feet with tears, and wiped them with the hairs of her head.
Luke 8:4	And when much people were gathered together, and were come to him out of every city, he spake by a parable:
Luke 8:14	And that which fell among thorns are they, which, when they have heard, go forth, and are choked with cares and riches and pleasures of this life, and bring no fruit to perfection.
Luke 8:24	And they came to him, and awoke him, saying, Master, master, we perish. Then he arose, and rebuked the wind and the raging of the water: and they ceased, and there was a calm.
Luke 8:34	When they that fed them saw what was done, they fled, and went and told it in the city and in the country.
Luke 8:44	Came behind him, and touched the border of his garment: and immediately her issue of blood stanched.
Luke 8:54	And he put them all out, and took her by the hand, and called, saying, Maid, arise.
Luke 9:8	And of some, that Elias had appeared; and of others, that one of the old prophets was risen again.
Luke 9:18	And it came to pass, as he was alone praying, his disciples were with him: and he asked them, saying, Whom say the people that I am?
Luke 9:28	And it came to pass about an eight days after these sayings, he took Peter and John and James, and went up into a mountain to pray.
Luke 9:38	And, behold, a man of the company cried out, saying, Master, I beseech thee, look upon my son: for he is mine only child.
Luke 9:48	And said unto them, Whosoever shall receive this child in my name receiveth me: and whosoever shall receive me receiveth him that sent me: for he that is least among you all, the same shall be great.
Luke 9:58	And Jesus said unto him, Foxes have holes, and birds of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.
Luke 10:6	And if the son of peace be there, your peace shall rest upon it: if not, it shall turn to you again.
Luke 10:16	He that heareth you heareth me; and he that despiseth you despiseth me; and he that despiseth me despiseth him that sent me.
Luke 10:26	He said unto him, What is written in the law? how readest thou?
Luke 10:36	Which now of these three, thinkest thou, was neighbour unto him that fell among the thieves?
Luke 11:4	And forgive us our sins; for we also forgive every one that is indebted to us. And lead us not into temptation; but deliver us from evil.
Luke 11:14	And he was casting out a devil, and it was dumb. And it came to pass, when the devil was gone out, the dumb spake; and the people wondered.
Luke 11:24	When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest; and finding none, he saith, I will return unto my house whence I came out.
Luke 11:34	The light of the body is the eye: therefore when thine eye is single, thy whole body also is full of light; but when thine eye is evil, thy body also is full of darkness.
Luke 11:44	Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are as graves which appear not, and the men that walk over them are not aware of them.
Luke 11:54	Laying wait for him, and seeking to catch something out of his mouth, that they might accuse him.
Luke 12:10	And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven.
Luke 12:20	But God said unto him, Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee: then whose shall those things be, which thou hast provided?
Luke 12:30	For all these things do the nations of the world seek after: and your Father knoweth that ye have need of these things.
Luke 12:40	Be ye therefore ready also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not.
Luke 12:50	But I have a baptism to be baptized with; and how am I straitened till it be accomplished!
Luke 13:1	There were present at that season some that told him of the Galilaeans, whose blood Pilate had mingled with their sacrifices.
Luke 13:11	And, behold, there was a woman which had a spirit of infirmity eighteen years, and was bowed together, and could in no wise lift up herself.
Luke 13:21	It is like leaven, which a woman took and hid in three measures of meal, till the whole was leavened.
Luke 13:31	The same day there came certain of the Pharisees, saying unto him, Get thee out, and depart hence: for Herod will kill thee.
Luke 14:6	And they could not answer him again to these things.
Luke 14:16	Then said he unto him, A certain man made a great supper, and bade many:
Luke 14:26	If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.
Luke 15:1	Then drew near unto him all the publicans and sinners for to hear him.
Luke 15:11	And he said, A certain man had two sons:
Luke 15:21	And the son said unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and in thy sight, and am no more worthy to be called thy son.
Luke 15:31	And he said unto him, Son, thou art ever with me, and all that I have is thine.
Luke 16:9	And I say unto you, Make to yourselves friends of the mammon of unrighteousness; that, when ye fail, they may receive you into everlasting habitations.
Luke 16:19	There was a certain rich man, which was clothed in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day:
Luke 16:29	Abraham saith unto him, They have Moses and the prophets; let them hear them.
Luke 17:8	And will not rather say unto him, Make ready wherewith I may sup, and gird thyself, and serve me, till I have eaten and drunken; and afterward thou shalt eat and drink?
Luke 17:18	There are not found that returned to give glory to God, save this stranger.
Luke 17:28	Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;
Luke 18:1	And he spake a parable unto them to this end, that men ought always to pray, and not to faint;
Luke 18:11	The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself, God, I thank thee, that I am not as other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican.
Luke 18:21	And he said, All these have I kept from my youth up.
Luke 18:31	Then he took unto him the twelve, and said unto them, Behold, we go up to Jerusalem, and all things that are written by the prophets concerning the Son of man shall be accomplished.
Luke 18:41	Saying, What wilt thou that I shall do unto thee? And he said, Lord, that I may receive my sight.
Luke 19:8	And Zacchaeus stood, and said unto the Lord: Behold, Lord, the half of my goods I give to the poor; and if I have taken any thing from any man by false accusation, I restore him fourfold.
Luke 19:18	And the second came, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained five pounds.
Luke 19:28	And when he had thus spoken, he went before, ascending up to Jerusalem.
Luke 19:38	Saying, Blessed be the King that cometh in the name of the Lord: peace in heaven, and glory in the highest.
Luke 19:48	And could not find what they might do: for all the people were very attentive to hear him.
Luke 20:10	And at the season he sent a servant to the husbandmen, that they should give him of the fruit of the vineyard: but the husbandmen beat him, and sent him away empty.
Luke 20:20	And they watched him, and sent forth spies, which should feign themselves just men, that they might take hold of his words, that so they might deliver him unto the power and authority of the governor.
Luke 20:30	And the second took her to wife, and he died childless.
Luke 20:40	And after that they durst not ask him any question at all.
Luke 21:3	And he said, Of a truth I say unto you, that this poor widow hath cast in more than they all:
Luke 21:13	And it shall turn to you for a testimony.
Luke 21:23	But woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck, in those days! for there shall be great distress in the land, and wrath upon this people.
Luke 21:33	Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.
Luke 22:5	And they were glad, and covenanted to give him money.
Luke 22:15	And he said unto them, With desire I have desired to eat this passover with you before I suffer:
Luke 22:25	And he said unto them, The kings of the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and they that exercise authority upon them are called benefactors.
Luke 22:35	And he said unto them, When I sent you without purse, and scrip, and shoes, lacked ye any thing? And they said, Nothing.
Luke 22:45	And when he rose up from prayer, and was come to his disciples, he found them sleeping for sorrow,
Luke 22:55	And when they had kindled a fire in the midst of the hall, and were set down together, Peter sat down among them.
Luke 22:65	And many other things blasphemously spake they against him.
Luke 23:4	Then said Pilate to the chief priests and to the people, I find no fault in this man.
Luke 23:14	Said unto them, Ye have brought this man unto me, as one that perverteth the people: and, behold, I, having examined him before you, have found no fault in this man touching those things whereof ye accuse him:
Luke 23:24	And Pilate gave sentence that it should be as they required.
Luke 23:34	Then said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they parted his raiment, and cast lots.
Luke 23:44	And it was about the sixth hour, and there was a darkness over all the earth until the ninth hour.
Luke 23:54	And that day was the preparation, and the sabbath drew on.
Luke 24:8	And they remembered his words,
Luke 24:18	And the one of them, whose name was Cleopas, answering said unto him, Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and hast not known the things which are come to pass there in these days?
Luke 24:28	And they drew nigh unto the village, whither they went: and he made as though he would have gone further.
Luke 24:38	And he said unto them, Why are ye troubled? and why do thoughts arise in your hearts?
Luke 24:48	And ye are witnesses of these things.
John 1:5	And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not.
John 1:15	John bare witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spake, He that cometh after me is preferred before me: for he was before me.
John 1:25	And they asked him, and said unto him, Why baptizest thou then, if thou be not that Christ, nor Elias, neither that prophet?
John 1:35	Again the next day after John stood, and two of his disciples;
John 1:45	Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.
John 2:4	Jesus saith unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come.
John 2:14	And found in the temple those that sold oxen and sheep and doves, and the changers of money sitting:
John 2:24	But Jesus did not commit himself unto them, because he knew all men,
John 3:9	Nicodemus answered and said unto him, How can these things be?
John 3:19	And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil.
John 3:29	He that hath the bride is the bridegroom: but the friend of the bridegroom, which standeth and heareth him, rejoiceth greatly because of the bridegroom's voice: this my joy therefore is fulfilled.
John 4:3	He left Judaea, and departed again into Galilee.
John 4:13	Jesus answered and said unto her, Whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again:
John 4:23	But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him.
John 4:33	Therefore said the disciples one to another, Hath any man brought him ought to eat?
John 4:43	Now after two days he departed thence, and went into Galilee.
John 4:53	So the father knew that it was at the same hour, in the which Jesus said unto him, Thy son liveth: and himself believed, and his whole house.
John 5:9	And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath.
John 5:19	Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.
John 5:29	And shall come forth; they that have done good, unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation.
John 5:39	Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.
John 6:2	And a great multitude followed him, because they saw his miracles which he did on them that were diseased.
John 6:12	When they were filled, he said unto his disciples, Gather up the fragments that remain, that nothing be lost.
John 6:22	The day following, when the people which stood on the other side of the sea saw that there was none other boat there, save that one whereinto his disciples were entered, and that Jesus went not with his disciples into the boat, but that his disciples were gone away alone;
John 6:32	Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Moses gave you not that bread from heaven; but my Father giveth you the true bread from heaven.
John 6:42	And they said, Is not this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? how is it then that he saith, I came down from heaven?
John 6:52	The Jews therefore strove among themselves, saying, How can this man give us his flesh to eat?
John 6:62	What and if ye shall see the Son of man ascend up where he was before?
John 7:1	After these things Jesus walked in Galilee: for he would not walk in Jewry, because the Jews sought to kill him.
John 7:11	Then the Jews sought him at the feast, and said, Where is he?
John 7:21	Jesus answered and said unto them, I have done one work, and ye all marvel.
John 7:31	And many of the people believed on him, and said, When Christ cometh, will he do more miracles than these which this man hath done?
John 7:41	Others said, This is the Christ. But some said, Shall Christ come out of Galilee?
John 7:51	Doth our law judge any man, before it hear him, and know what he doeth?
John 8:8	And again he stooped down, and wrote on the ground.
John 8:18	I am one that bear witness of myself, and the Father that sent me beareth witness of me.
John 8:28	Then said Jesus unto them, When ye have lifted up the Son of man, then shall ye know that I am he, and that I do nothing of myself; but as my Father hath taught me, I speak these things.
John 8:38	I speak that which I have seen with my Father: and ye do that which ye have seen with your father.
John 8:48	Then answered the Jews, and said unto him, Say we not well that thou art a Samaritan, and hast a devil?
John 8:58	Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.
John 9:9	Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: but he said, I am he.
John 9:19	And they asked them, saying, Is this your son, who ye say was born blind? how then doth he now see?
John 9:29	We know that God spake unto Moses: as for this fellow, we know not from whence he is.
John 9:39	And Jesus said, For judgment I am come into this world, that they which see not might see; and that they which see might be made blind.
John 10:8	All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers: but the sheep did not hear them.
John 10:18	No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my Father.
John 10:28	And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.
John 10:38	But if I do, though ye believe not me, believe the works: that ye may know, and believe, that the Father is in me, and I in him.
John 11:6	When he had heard therefore that he was sick, he abode two days still in the same place where he was.
John 11:16	Then said Thomas, which is called Didymus, unto his fellowdisciples, Let us also go, that we may die with him.
John 11:26	And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?
John 11:36	Then said the Jews, Behold how he loved him!
John 11:46	But some of them went their ways to the Pharisees, and told them what things Jesus had done.
John 11:56	Then sought they for Jesus, and spake among themselves, as they stood in the temple, What think ye, that he will not come to the feast?
John 12:9	Much people of the Jews therefore knew that he was there: and they came not for Jesus' sake only, but that they might see Lazarus also, whom he had raised from the dead.
John 12:19	The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive ye how ye prevail nothing? behold, the world is gone after him.
John 12:29	The people therefore, that stood by, and heard it, said that it thundered: others said, An angel spake to him.
John 12:39	Therefore they could not believe, because that Esaias said again,
John 12:49	For I have not spoken of myself; but the Father which sent me, he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak.
John 13:9	Simon Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head.
John 13:19	Now I tell you before it come, that, when it is come to pass, ye may believe that I am he.
John 13:29	For some of them thought, because Judas had the bag, that Jesus had said unto him, Buy those things that we have need of against the feast; or, that he should give something to the poor.
John 14:1	Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me.
John 14:11	Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works' sake.
John 14:21	He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him.
John 14:31	But that the world may know that I love the Father; and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do. Arise, let us go hence.
John 15:10	If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love.
John 15:20	Remember the word that I said unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you; if they have kept my saying, they will keep yours also.
John 16:3	And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me.
John 16:13	Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.
John 16:23	And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you.
John 16:33	These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.
John 17:10	And all mine are thine, and thine are mine; and I am glorified in them.
John 17:20	Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word;
John 18:4	Jesus therefore, knowing all things that should come upon him, went forth, and said unto them, Whom seek ye?
John 18:14	Now Caiaphas was he, which gave counsel to the Jews, that it was expedient that one man should die for the people.
John 18:24	Now Annas had sent him bound unto Caiaphas the high priest.
John 18:34	Jesus answered him, Sayest thou this thing of thyself, or did others tell it thee of me?
John 19:4	Pilate therefore went forth again, and saith unto them, Behold, I bring him forth to you, that ye may know that I find no fault in him.
John 19:14	And it was the preparation of the passover, and about the sixth hour: and he saith unto the Jews, Behold your King!
John 19:24	They said therefore among themselves, Let us not rend it, but cast lots for it, whose it shall be: that the scripture might be fulfilled, which saith, They parted my raiment among them, and for my vesture they did cast lots. These things therefore the soldiers did.
John 19:34	But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water.
John 20:2	Then she runneth, and cometh to Simon Peter, and to the other disciple, whom Jesus loved, and saith unto them, They have taken away the LORD out of the sepulchre, and we know not where they have laid him.
John 20:12	And seeth two angels in white sitting, the one at the head, and the other at the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain.
John 20:22	And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and saith unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost:
John 21:1	After these things Jesus shewed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias; and on this wise shewed he himself.
John 21:11	Simon Peter went up, and drew the net to land full of great fishes, an hundred and fifty and three: and for all there were so many, yet was not the net broken.
John 21:21	Peter seeing him saith to Jesus, Lord, and what shall this man do?
Acts 1:6	When they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?
Acts 1:16	Men and brethren, this scripture must needs have been fulfilled, which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spake before concerning Judas, which was guide to them that took Jesus.
Acts 1:26	And they gave forth their lots; and the lot fell upon Matthias; and he was numbered with the eleven apostles.
Acts 2:10	Phrygia, and Pamphylia, in Egypt, and in the parts of Libya about Cyrene, and strangers of Rome, Jews and proselytes,
Acts 2:20	The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and notable day of the Lord come:
Acts 2:30	Therefore being a prophet, and knowing that God had sworn with an oath to him, that of the fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne;
Acts 2:40	And with many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, Save yourselves from this untoward generation.
Acts 3:3	Who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple asked an alms.
Acts 3:13	The God of Abraham, and of Isaac, and of Jacob, the God of our fathers, hath glorified his Son Jesus; whom ye delivered up, and denied him in the presence of Pilate, when he was determined to let him go.
Acts 3:23	And it shall come to pass, that every soul, which will not hear that prophet, shall be destroyed from among the people.
Acts 4:7	And when they had set them in the midst, they asked, By what power, or by what name, have ye done this?
Acts 4:17	But that it spread no further among the people, let us straitly threaten them, that they speak henceforth to no man in this name.
Acts 4:27	For of a truth against thy holy child Jesus, whom thou hast anointed, both Herod, and Pontius Pilate, with the Gentiles, and the people of Israel, were gathered together,
Acts 4:37	Having land, sold it, and brought the money, and laid it at the apostles' feet.
Acts 5:10	Then fell she down straightway at his feet, and yielded up the ghost: and the young men came in, and found her dead, and, carrying her forth, buried her by her husband.
Acts 5:20	Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life.
Acts 5:30	The God of our fathers raised up Jesus, whom ye slew and hanged on a tree.
Acts 5:40	And to him they agreed: and when they had called the apostles, and beaten them, they commanded that they should not speak in the name of Jesus, and let them go.
Acts 6:8	And Stephen, full of faith and power, did great wonders and miracles among the people.
Acts 7:3	And said unto him, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and come into the land which I shall shew thee.
Acts 7:13	And at the second time Joseph was made known to his brethren; and Joseph's kindred was made known unto Pharaoh.
Acts 7:23	And when he was full forty years old, it came into his heart to visit his brethren the children of Israel.
Acts 7:33	Then said the Lord to him, Put off thy shoes from thy feet: for the place where thou standest is holy ground.
Acts 7:43	Yea, ye took up the tabernacle of Moloch, and the star of your god Remphan, figures which ye made to worship them: and I will carry you away beyond Babylon.
Acts 7:53	Who have received the law by the disposition of angels, and have not kept it.
Acts 8:3	As for Saul, he made havock of the church, entering into every house, and haling men and women committed them to prison.
Acts 8:13	Then Simon himself believed also: and when he was baptized, he continued with Philip, and wondered, beholding the miracles and signs which were done.
Acts 8:23	For I perceive that thou art in the gall of bitterness, and in the bond of iniquity.
Acts 8:33	In his humiliation his judgment was taken away: and who shall declare his generation? for his life is taken from the earth.
Acts 9:3	And as he journeyed, he came near Damascus: and suddenly there shined round about him a light from heaven:
Acts 9:13	Then Ananias answered, Lord, I have heard by many of this man, how much evil he hath done to thy saints at Jerusalem:
Acts 9:23	And after that many days were fulfilled, the Jews took counsel to kill him:
Acts 9:33	And there he found a certain man named Aeneas, which had kept his bed eight years, and was sick of the palsy.
Acts 9:43	And it came to pass, that he tarried many days in Joppa with one Simon a tanner.
Acts 10:10	And he became very hungry, and would have eaten: but while they made ready, he fell into a trance,
Acts 10:20	Arise therefore, and get thee down, and go with them, doubting nothing: for I have sent them.
Acts 10:30	And Cornelius said, Four days ago I was fasting until this hour; and at the ninth hour I prayed in my house, and, behold, a man stood before me in bright clothing,
Acts 10:40	Him God raised up the third day, and shewed him openly;
Acts 11:2	And when Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they that were of the circumcision contended with him,
Acts 11:12	And the Spirit bade me go with them, nothing doubting. Moreover these six brethren accompanied me, and we entered into the man's house:
Acts 11:22	Then tidings of these things came unto the ears of the church which was in Jerusalem: and they sent forth Barnabas, that he should go as far as Antioch.
Acts 12:2	And he killed James the brother of John with the sword.
Acts 12:12	And when he had considered the thing, he came to the house of Mary the mother of John, whose surname was Mark; where many were gathered together praying.
Acts 12:22	And the people gave a shout, saying, It is the voice of a god, and not of a man.
Acts 13:7	Which was with the deputy of the country, Sergius Paulus, a prudent man; who called for Barnabas and Saul, and desired to hear the word of God.
Acts 13:17	The God of this people of Israel chose our fathers, and exalted the people when they dwelt as strangers in the land of Egypt, and with an high arm brought he them out of it.
Acts 13:27	For they that dwell at Jerusalem, and their rulers, because they knew him not, nor yet the voices of the prophets which are read every sabbath day, they have fulfilled them in condemning him.
Acts 13:37	But he, whom God raised again, saw no corruption.
Acts 13:47	For so hath the Lord commanded us, saying, I have set thee to be a light of the Gentiles, that thou shouldest be for salvation unto the ends of the earth.
Acts 14:5	And when there was an assault made both of the Gentiles, and also of the Jews with their rulers, to use them despitefully, and to stone them,
Acts 14:15	And saying, Sirs, why do ye these things? We also are men of like passions with you, and preach unto you that ye should turn from these vanities unto the living God, which made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all things that are therein:
Acts 14:25	And when they had preached the word in Perga, they went down into Attalia:
Acts 15:7	And when there had been much disputing, Peter rose up, and said unto them, Men and brethren, ye know how that a good while ago God made choice among us, that the Gentiles by my mouth should hear the word of the gospel, and believe.
Acts 15:17	That the residue of men might seek after the Lord, and all the Gentiles, upon whom my name is called, saith the Lord, who doeth all these things.
Acts 15:27	We have sent therefore Judas and Silas, who shall also tell you the same things by mouth.
Acts 15:37	And Barnabas determined to take with them John, whose surname was Mark.
Acts 16:6	Now when they had gone throughout Phrygia and the region of Galatia, and were forbidden of the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia,
Acts 16:16	And it came to pass, as we went to prayer, a certain damsel possessed with a spirit of divination met us, which brought her masters much gain by soothsaying:
Acts 16:26	And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the prison were shaken: and immediately all the doors were opened, and every one's bands were loosed.
Acts 16:36	And the keeper of the prison told this saying to Paul, The magistrates have sent to let you go: now therefore depart, and go in peace.
Acts 17:6	And when they found them not, they drew Jason and certain brethren unto the rulers of the city, crying, These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also;
Acts 17:16	Now while Paul waited for them at Athens, his spirit was stirred in him, when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry.
Acts 17:26	And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation;
Acts 18:2	And found a certain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, lately come from Italy, with his wife Priscilla; (because that Claudius had commanded all Jews to depart from Rome:) and came unto them.
Acts 18:12	And when Gallio was the deputy of Achaia, the Jews made insurrection with one accord against Paul, and brought him to the judgment seat,
Acts 18:22	And when he had landed at Caesarea, and gone up, and saluted the church, he went down to Antioch.
Acts 19:4	Then said Paul, John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people, that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is, on Christ Jesus.
Acts 19:14	And there were seven sons of one Sceva, a Jew, and chief of the priests, which did so.
Acts 19:24	For a certain man named Demetrius, a silversmith, which made silver shrines for Diana, brought no small gain unto the craftsmen;
Acts 19:34	But when they knew that he was a Jew, all with one voice about the space of two hours cried out, Great is Diana of the Ephesians.
Acts 20:3	And there abode three months. And when the Jews laid wait for him, as he was about to sail into Syria, he purposed to return through Macedonia.
Acts 20:13	And we went before to ship, and sailed unto Assos, there intending to take in Paul: for so had he appointed, minding himself to go afoot.
Acts 20:23	Save that the Holy Ghost witnesseth in every city, saying that bonds and afflictions abide me.
Acts 20:33	I have coveted no man's silver, or gold, or apparel.
Acts 21:5	And when we had accomplished those days, we departed and went our way; and they all brought us on our way, with wives and children, till we were out of the city: and we kneeled down on the shore, and prayed.
Acts 21:15	And after those days we took up our carriages, and went up to Jerusalem.
Acts 21:25	As touching the Gentiles which believe, we have written and concluded that they observe no such thing, save only that they keep themselves from things offered to idols, and from blood, and from strangled, and from fornication.
Acts 21:35	And when he came upon the stairs, so it was, that he was borne of the soldiers for the violence of the people.
Acts 22:5	As also the high priest doth bear me witness, and all the estate of the elders: from whom also I received letters unto the brethren, and went to Damascus, to bring them which were there bound unto Jerusalem, for to be punished.
Acts 22:15	For thou shalt be his witness unto all men of what thou hast seen and heard.
Acts 22:25	And as they bound him with thongs, Paul said unto the centurion that stood by, Is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is a Roman, and uncondemned?
Acts 23:5	Then said Paul, I wist not, brethren, that he was the high priest: for it is written, Thou shalt not speak evil of the ruler of thy people.
Acts 23:15	Now therefore ye with the council signify to the chief captain that he bring him down unto you to morrow, as though ye would enquire something more perfectly concerning him: and we, or ever he come near, are ready to kill him.
Acts 23:25	And he wrote a letter after this manner:
Acts 23:35	I will hear thee, said he, when thine accusers are also come. And he commanded him to be kept in Herod's judgment hall.
Acts 24:10	Then Paul, after that the governor had beckoned unto him to speak, answered, Forasmuch as I know that thou hast been of many years a judge unto this nation, I do the more cheerfully answer for myself:
Acts 24:20	Or else let these same here say, if they have found any evil doing in me, while I stood before the council,
Acts 25:3	And desired favour against him, that he would send for him to Jerusalem, laying wait in the way to kill him.
Acts 25:13	And after certain days king Agrippa and Bernice came unto Caesarea to salute Festus.
Acts 25:23	And on the morrow, when Agrippa was come, and Bernice, with great pomp, and was entered into the place of hearing, with the chief captains, and principal men of the city, at Festus' commandment Paul was brought forth.
Acts 26:6	And now I stand and am judged for the hope of the promise made of God, unto our fathers:
Acts 26:16	But rise, and stand upon thy feet: for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness both of these things which thou hast seen, and of those things in the which I will appear unto thee;
Acts 26:26	For the king knoweth of these things, before whom also I speak freely: for I am persuaded that none of these things are hidden from him; for this thing was not done in a corner.
Acts 27:4	And when we had launched from thence, we sailed under Cyprus, because the winds were contrary.
Acts 27:14	But not long after there arose against it a tempestuous wind, called Euroclydon.
Acts 27:24	Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.
Acts 27:34	Wherefore I pray you to take some meat: for this is for your health: for there shall not an hair fall from the head of any of you.
Acts 27:44	And the rest, some on boards, and some on broken pieces of the ship. And so it came to pass, that they escaped all safe to land.
Acts 28:10	Who also honoured us with many honours; and when we departed, they laded us with such things as were necessary.
Acts 28:20	For this cause therefore have I called for you, to see you, and to speak with you: because that for the hope of Israel I am bound with this chain.
Acts 28:30	And Paul dwelt two whole years in his own hired house, and received all that came in unto him,
Romans 1:9	For God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers;
Romans 1:19	Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them; for God hath shewed it unto them.
Romans 1:29	Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers,
Romans 2:7	To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honour and immortality, eternal life:
Romans 2:17	Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, and makest thy boast of God,
Romans 2:27	And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfil the law, judge thee, who by the letter and circumcision dost transgress the law?
Romans 3:8	And not rather, (as we be slanderously reported, and as some affirm that we say,) Let us do evil, that good may come? whose damnation is just.
Romans 3:18	There is no fear of God before their eyes.
Romans 3:28	Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law.
Romans 4:7	Saying, Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered.
Romans 4:17	(As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations,) before him whom he believed, even God, who quickeneth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they were.
Romans 5:2	By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God.
Romans 5:12	Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned:
Romans 6:1	What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin, that grace may abound?
Romans 6:11	Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Romans 6:21	What fruit had ye then in those things whereof ye are now ashamed? for the end of those things is death.
Romans 7:8	But sin, taking occasion by the commandment, wrought in me all manner of concupiscence. For without the law sin was dead.
Romans 7:18	For I know that in me (that is, in my flesh,) dwelleth no good thing: for to will is present with me; but how to perform that which is good I find not.
Romans 8:3	For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh:
Romans 8:13	For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live.
Romans 8:23	And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body.
Romans 8:33	Who shall lay any thing to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifieth.
Romans 9:4	Who are Israelites; to whom pertaineth the adoption, and the glory, and the covenants, and the giving of the law, and the service of God, and the promises;
Romans 9:14	What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid.
Romans 9:24	Even us, whom he hath called, not of the Jews only, but also of the Gentiles?
Romans 10:1	Brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that they might be saved.
Romans 10:11	For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.
Romans 10:21	But to Israel he saith, All day long I have stretched forth my hands unto a disobedient and gainsaying people.
Romans 11:10	Let their eyes be darkened, that they may not see, and bow down their back alway.
Romans 11:20	Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith. Be not highminded, but fear:
Romans 11:30	For as ye in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief:
Romans 12:4	For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office:
Romans 12:14	Bless them which persecute you: bless, and curse not.
Romans 13:3	For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same:
Romans 13:13	Let us walk honestly, as in the day; not in rioting and drunkenness, not in chambering and wantonness, not in strife and envying.
Romans 14:9	For to this end Christ both died, and rose, and revived, that he might be Lord both of the dead and living.
Romans 14:19	Let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and things wherewith one may edify another.
Romans 15:6	That ye may with one mind and one mouth glorify God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Romans 15:16	That I should be the minister of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles, ministering the gospel of God, that the offering up of the Gentiles might be acceptable, being sanctified by the Holy Ghost.
Romans 15:26	For it hath pleased them of Macedonia and Achaia to make a certain contribution for the poor saints which are at Jerusalem.
Romans 16:3	Greet Priscilla and Aquila my helpers in Christ Jesus:
Romans 16:13	Salute Rufus chosen in the Lord, and his mother and mine.
Romans 16:23	Gaius mine host, and of the whole church, saluteth you. Erastus the chamberlain of the city saluteth you, and Quartus a brother.
1 Corinthians 1:6	Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you:
1 Corinthians 1:16	And I baptized also the household of Stephanas: besides, I know not whether I baptized any other.
1 Corinthians 1:26	For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called:
1 Corinthians 2:5	That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God.
1 Corinthians 2:15	But he that is spiritual judgeth all things, yet he himself is judged of no man.
1 Corinthians 3:9	For we are labourers together with God: ye are God's husbandry, ye are God's building.
1 Corinthians 3:19	For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness.
1 Corinthians 4:6	And these things, brethren, I have in a figure transferred to myself and to Apollos for your sakes; that ye might learn in us not to think of men above that which is written, that no one of you be puffed up for one against another.
1 Corinthians 4:16	Wherefore I beseech you, be ye followers of me.
1 Corinthians 5:5	To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus.
1 Corinthians 6:2	Do ye not know that the saints shall judge the world? and if the world shall be judged by you, are ye unworthy to judge the smallest matters?
1 Corinthians 6:12	All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient: all things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any.
1 Corinthians 7:2	Nevertheless, to avoid fornication, let every man have his own wife, and let every woman have her own husband.
1 Corinthians 7:12	But to the rest speak I, not the Lord: If any brother hath a wife that believeth not, and she be pleased to dwell with him, let him not put her away.
1 Corinthians 7:22	For he that is called in the Lord, being a servant, is the Lord's freeman: likewise also he that is called, being free, is Christ's servant.
1 Corinthians 7:32	But I would have you without carefulness. He that is unmarried careth for the things that belong to the Lord, how he may please the Lord:
1 Corinthians 8:2	And if any man think that he knoweth any thing, he knoweth nothing yet as he ought to know.
1 Corinthians 8:12	But when ye sin so against the brethren, and wound their weak conscience, ye sin against Christ.
1 Corinthians 9:9	For it is written in the law of Moses, Thou shalt not muzzle the mouth of the ox that treadeth out the corn. Doth God take care for oxen?
1 Corinthians 9:19	For though I be free from all men, yet have I made myself servant unto all, that I might gain the more.
1 Corinthians 10:2	And were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea;
1 Corinthians 10:12	Wherefore let him that thinketh he standeth take heed lest he fall.
1 Corinthians 10:22	Do we provoke the Lord to jealousy? are we stronger than he?
1 Corinthians 10:32	Give none offence, neither to the Jews, nor to the Gentiles, nor to the church of God:
1 Corinthians 11:9	Neither was the man created for the woman; but the woman for the man.
1 Corinthians 11:19	For there must be also heresies among you, that they which are approved may be made manifest among you.
1 Corinthians 11:29	For he that eateth and drinketh unworthily, eateth and drinketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body.
1 Corinthians 12:5	And there are differences of administrations, but the same Lord.
1 Corinthians 12:15	If the foot shall say, Because I am not the hand, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body?
1 Corinthians 12:25	That there should be no schism in the body; but that the members should have the same care one for another.
1 Corinthians 13:4	Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up,
1 Corinthians 14:1	Follow after charity, and desire spiritual gifts, but rather that ye may prophesy.
1 Corinthians 14:11	Therefore if I know not the meaning of the voice, I shall be unto him that speaketh a barbarian, and he that speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me.
1 Corinthians 14:21	In the law it is written, With men of other tongues and other lips will I speak unto this people; and yet for all that will they not hear me, saith the Lord.
1 Corinthians 14:31	For ye may all prophesy one by one, that all may learn, and all may be comforted.
1 Corinthians 15:1	Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand;
1 Corinthians 15:11	Therefore whether it were I or they, so we preach, and so ye believed.
1 Corinthians 15:21	For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead.
1 Corinthians 15:31	I protest by your rejoicing which I have in Christ Jesus our Lord, I die daily.
1 Corinthians 15:41	There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star differeth from another star in glory.
1 Corinthians 15:51	Behold, I shew you a mystery; We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed,
1 Corinthians 16:3	And when I come, whomsoever ye shall approve by your letters, them will I send to bring your liberality unto Jerusalem.
1 Corinthians 16:13	Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong.
1 Corinthians 16:23	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you.
2 Corinthians 1:9	But we had the sentence of death in ourselves, that we should not trust in ourselves, but in God which raiseth the dead:
2 Corinthians 1:19	For the Son of God, Jesus Christ, who was preached among you by us, even by me and Silvanus and Timotheus, was not yea and nay, but in him was yea.
2 Corinthians 2:5	But if any have caused grief, he hath not grieved me, but in part: that I may not overcharge you all.
2 Corinthians 2:15	For we are unto God a sweet savour of Christ, in them that are saved, and in them that perish:
2 Corinthians 3:8	How shall not the ministration of the spirit be rather glorious?
2 Corinthians 3:18	But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as by the Spirit of the Lord.
2 Corinthians 4:10	Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body.
2 Corinthians 5:2	For in this we groan, earnestly desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven:
2 Corinthians 5:12	For we commend not ourselves again unto you, but give you occasion to glory on our behalf, that ye may have somewhat to answer them which glory in appearance, and not in heart.
2 Corinthians 6:1	We then, as workers together with him, beseech you also that ye receive not the grace of God in vain.
2 Corinthians 6:11	O ye Corinthians, our mouth is open unto you, our heart is enlarged.
2 Corinthians 7:3	I speak not this to condemn you: for I have said before, that ye are in our hearts to die and live with you.
2 Corinthians 7:13	Therefore we were comforted in your comfort: yea, and exceedingly the more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed by you all.
2 Corinthians 8:7	Therefore, as ye abound in every thing, in faith, and utterance, and knowledge, and in all diligence, and in your love to us, see that ye abound in this grace also.
2 Corinthians 8:17	For indeed he accepted the exhortation; but being more forward, of his own accord he went unto you.
2 Corinthians 9:3	Yet have I sent the brethren, lest our boasting of you should be in vain in this behalf; that, as I said, ye may be ready:
2 Corinthians 9:13	Whiles by the experiment of this ministration they glorify God for your professed subjection unto the gospel of Christ, and for your liberal distribution unto them, and unto all men;
2 Corinthians 10:8	For though I should boast somewhat more of our authority, which the Lord hath given us for edification, and not for your destruction, I should not be ashamed:
2 Corinthians 10:18	For not he that commendeth himself is approved, but whom the Lord commendeth.
2 Corinthians 11:10	As the truth of Christ is in me, no man shall stop me of this boasting in the regions of Achaia.
2 Corinthians 11:20	For ye suffer, if a man bring you into bondage, if a man devour you, if a man take of you, if a man exalt himself, if a man smite you on the face.
2 Corinthians 11:30	If I must needs glory, I will glory of the things which concern mine infirmities.
2 Corinthians 12:7	And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure.
2 Corinthians 12:17	Did I make a gain of you by any of them whom I sent unto you?
2 Corinthians 13:6	But I trust that ye shall know that we are not reprobates.
Galatians 1:2	And all the brethren which are with me, unto the churches of Galatia:
Galatians 1:12	For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ.
Galatians 1:22	And was unknown by face unto the churches of Judaea which were in Christ:
Galatians 2:8	(For he that wrought effectually in Peter to the apostleship of the circumcision, the same was mighty in me toward the Gentiles:)
Galatians 2:18	For if I build again the things which I destroyed, I make myself a transgressor.
Galatians 3:7	Know ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham.
Galatians 3:17	And this I say, that the covenant, that was confirmed before of God in Christ, the law, which was four hundred and thirty years after, cannot disannul, that it should make the promise of none effect.
Galatians 3:27	For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ.
Galatians 4:8	Howbeit then, when ye knew not God, ye did service unto them which by nature are no gods.
Galatians 4:18	But it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thing, and not only when I am present with you.
Galatians 4:28	Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the children of promise.
Galatians 5:7	Ye did run well; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth?
Galatians 5:17	For the flesh lusteth against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh: and these are contrary the one to the other: so that ye cannot do the things that ye would.
Galatians 6:1	Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted.
Galatians 6:11	Ye see how large a letter I have written unto you with mine own hand.
Ephesians 1:3	Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ:
Ephesians 1:13	In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise,
Ephesians 1:23	Which is his body, the fulness of him that filleth all in all.
Ephesians 2:10	For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.
Ephesians 2:20	And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone;
Ephesians 3:8	Unto me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ;
Ephesians 3:18	May be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height;
Ephesians 4:7	But unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ.
Ephesians 4:17	This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk, in the vanity of their mind,
Ephesians 4:27	Neither give place to the devil.
Ephesians 5:5	For this ye know, that no whoremonger, nor unclean person, nor covetous man, who is an idolater, hath any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God.
Ephesians 5:15	See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise,
Ephesians 5:25	Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it;
Ephesians 6:2	Honour thy father and mother; which is the first commandment with promise;
Ephesians 6:12	For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.
Ephesians 6:22	Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that ye might know our affairs, and that he might comfort your hearts.
Philippians 1:8	For God is my record, how greatly I long after you all in the bowels of Jesus Christ.
Philippians 1:18	What then? notwithstanding, every way, whether in pretence, or in truth, Christ is preached; and I therein do rejoice, yea, and will rejoice.
Philippians 1:28	And in nothing terrified by your adversaries: which is to them an evident token of perdition, but to you of salvation, and that of God.
Philippians 2:8	And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross.
Philippians 2:18	For the same cause also do ye joy, and rejoice with me.
Philippians 2:28	I sent him therefore the more carefully, that, when ye see him again, ye may rejoice, and that I may be the less sorrowful.
Philippians 3:8	Yea doubtless, and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord: for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung, that I may win Christ,
Philippians 3:18	(For many walk, of whom I have told you often, and now tell you even weeping, that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ:
Philippians 4:7	And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:17	Not because I desire a gift: but I desire fruit that may abound to your account.
Colossians 1:4	Since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus, and of the love which ye have to all the saints,
Colossians 1:14	In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins:
Colossians 1:24	Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake, which is the church:
Colossians 2:5	For though I be absent in the flesh, yet am I with you in the spirit, joying and beholding your order, and the stedfastness of your faith in Christ.
Colossians 2:15	And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a shew of them openly, triumphing over them in it.
Colossians 3:2	Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth.
Colossians 3:12	Put on therefore, as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering;
Colossians 3:22	Servants, obey in all things your masters according to the flesh; not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but in singleness of heart, fearing God;
Colossians 4:7	All my state shall Tychicus declare unto you, who is a beloved brother, and a faithful minister and fellowservant in the Lord:
Colossians 4:17	And say to Archippus, Take heed to the ministry which thou hast received in the Lord, that thou fulfil it.
1 Thessalonians 1:9	For they themselves shew of us what manner of entering in we had unto you, and how ye turned to God from idols to serve the living and true God;
1 Thessalonians 2:9	For ye remember, brethren, our labour and travail: for labouring night and day, because we would not be chargeable unto any of you, we preached unto you the gospel of God.
1 Thessalonians 2:19	For what is our hope, or joy, or crown of rejoicing? Are not even ye in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at his coming?
1 Thessalonians 3:9	For what thanks can we render to God again for you, for all the joy wherewith we joy for your sakes before our God;
1 Thessalonians 4:6	That no man go beyond and defraud his brother in any matter: because that the Lord is the avenger of all such, as we also have forewarned you and testified.
1 Thessalonians 4:16	For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first:
1 Thessalonians 5:8	But let us, who are of the day, be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love; and for an helmet, the hope of salvation.
1 Thessalonians 5:18	In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you.
1 Thessalonians 5:28	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
2 Thessalonians 1:10	When he shall come to be glorified in his saints, and to be admired in all them that believe (because our testimony among you was believed) in that day.
2 Thessalonians 2:8	And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming:
2 Thessalonians 3:1	Finally, brethren, pray for us, that the word of the Lord may have free course, and be glorified, even as it is with you:
2 Thessalonians 3:11	For we hear that there are some which walk among you disorderly, working not at all, but are busybodies.
1 Timothy 1:3	As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus, when I went into Macedonia, that thou mightest charge some that they teach no other doctrine,
1 Timothy 1:13	Who was before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious: but I obtained mercy, because I did it ignorantly in unbelief.
1 Timothy 2:3	For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour;
1 Timothy 2:13	For Adam was first formed, then Eve.
1 Timothy 3:8	Likewise must the deacons be grave, not doubletongued, not given to much wine, not greedy of filthy lucre;
1 Timothy 4:2	Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot iron;
1 Timothy 4:12	Let no man despise thy youth; but be thou an example of the believers, in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity.
1 Timothy 5:6	But she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth.
1 Timothy 5:16	If any man or woman that believeth have widows, let them relieve them, and let not the church be charged; that it may relieve them that are widows indeed.
1 Timothy 6:1	Let as many servants as are under the yoke count their own masters worthy of all honour, that the name of God and his doctrine be not blasphemed.
1 Timothy 6:11	But thou, O man of God, flee these things; and follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness.
1 Timothy 6:21	Which some professing have erred concerning the faith. Grace be with thee. Amen.
2 Timothy 1:10	But is now made manifest by the appearing of our Saviour Jesus Christ, who hath abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the gospel:
2 Timothy 2:2	And the things that thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also.
2 Timothy 2:12	If we suffer, we shall also reign with him: if we deny him, he also will deny us:
2 Timothy 2:22	Flee also youthful lusts: but follow righteousness, faith, charity, peace, with them that call on the Lord out of a pure heart.
2 Timothy 3:6	For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,
2 Timothy 3:16	All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:
2 Timothy 4:9	Do thy diligence to come shortly unto me:
2 Timothy 4:19	Salute Prisca and Aquila, and the household of Onesiphorus.
Titus 1:7	For a bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God; not selfwilled, not soon angry, not given to wine, no striker, not given to filthy lucre;
Titus 2:1	But speak thou the things which become sound doctrine:
Titus 2:11	For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men,
Titus 3:6	Which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Saviour;
Philemon 1:1	Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ, and Timothy our brother, unto Philemon our dearly beloved, and fellowlabourer,
Philemon 1:11	Which in time past was to thee unprofitable, but now profitable to thee and to me:
Philemon 1:21	Having confidence in thy obedience I wrote unto thee, knowing that thou wilt also do more than I say.
Hebrews 1:6	And again, when he bringeth in the firstbegotten into the world, he saith, And let all the angels of God worship him.
Hebrews 2:2	For if the word spoken by angels was stedfast, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompence of reward;
Hebrews 2:12	Saying, I will declare thy name unto my brethren, in the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee.
Hebrews 3:4	For every house is builded by some man; but he that built all things is God.
Hebrews 3:14	For we are made partakers of Christ, if we hold the beginning of our confidence stedfast unto the end;
Hebrews 4:5	And in this place again, If they shall enter into my rest.
Hebrews 4:15	For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin.
Hebrews 5:9	And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him;
Hebrews 6:5	And have tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the world to come,
Hebrews 6:15	And so, after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise.
Hebrews 7:5	And verily they that are of the sons of Levi, who receive the office of the priesthood, have a commandment to take tithes of the people according to the law, that is, of their brethren, though they come out of the loins of Abraham:
Hebrews 7:15	And it is yet far more evident: for that after the similitude of Melchisedec there ariseth another priest,
Hebrews 7:25	Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.
Hebrews 8:7	For if that first covenant had been faultless, then should no place have been sought for the second.
Hebrews 9:4	Which had the golden censer, and the ark of the covenant overlaid round about with gold, wherein was the golden pot that had manna, and Aaron's rod that budded, and the tables of the covenant;
Hebrews 9:14	How much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself without spot to God, purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God?
Hebrews 9:24	For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of the true; but into heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for us:
Hebrews 10:6	In burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin thou hast had no pleasure.
Hebrews 10:16	This is the covenant that I will make with them after those days, saith the Lord, I will put my laws into their hearts, and in their minds will I write them;
Hebrews 10:26	For if we sin wilfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth, there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins,
Hebrews 10:36	For ye have need of patience, that, after ye have done the will of God, ye might receive the promise.
Hebrews 11:7	By faith Noah, being warned of God of things not seen as yet, moved with fear, prepared an ark to the saving of his house; by the which he condemned the world, and became heir of the righteousness which is by faith.
Hebrews 11:17	By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac: and he that had received the promises offered up his only begotten son,
Hebrews 11:27	By faith he forsook Egypt, not fearing the wrath of the king: for he endured, as seeing him who is invisible.
Hebrews 11:37	They were stoned, they were sawn asunder, were tempted, were slain with the sword: they wandered about in sheepskins and goatskins; being destitute, afflicted, tormented;
Hebrews 12:7	If ye endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons; for what son is he whom the father chasteneth not?
Hebrews 12:17	For ye know how that afterward, when he would have inherited the blessing, he was rejected: for he found no place of repentance, though he sought it carefully with tears.
Hebrews 12:27	And this word, Yet once more, signifieth the removing of those things that are shaken, as of things that are made, that those things which cannot be shaken may remain.
Hebrews 13:8	Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.
Hebrews 13:18	Pray for us: for we trust we have a good conscience, in all things willing to live honestly.
James 1:3	Knowing this, that the trying of your faith worketh patience.
James 1:13	Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God: for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man:
James 1:23	For if any be a hearer of the word, and not a doer, he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass:
James 2:6	But ye have despised the poor. Do not rich men oppress you, and draw you before the judgment seats?
James 2:16	And one of you say unto them, Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled; notwithstanding ye give them not those things which are needful to the body; what doth it profit?
James 2:26	For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also.
James 3:10	Out of the same mouth proceedeth blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not so to be.
James 4:2	Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: ye fight and war, yet ye have not, because ye ask not.
James 4:12	There is one lawgiver, who is able to save and to destroy: who art thou that judgest another?
James 5:5	Ye have lived in pleasure on the earth, and been wanton; ye have nourished your hearts, as in a day of slaughter.
James 5:15	And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up; and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.
1 Peter 1:5	Who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation ready to be revealed in the last time.
1 Peter 1:15	But as he which hath called you is holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation;
1 Peter 1:25	But the word of the Lord endureth for ever. And this is the word which by the gospel is preached unto you.
1 Peter 2:10	Which in time past were not a people, but are now the people of God: which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy.
1 Peter 2:20	For what glory is it, if, when ye be buffeted for your faults, ye shall take it patiently? but if, when ye do well, and suffer for it, ye take it patiently, this is acceptable with God.
1 Peter 3:5	For after this manner in the old time the holy women also, who trusted in God, adorned themselves, being in subjection unto their own husbands:
1 Peter 3:15	But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts: and be ready always to give an answer to every man that asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear:
1 Peter 4:3	For the time past of our life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles, when we walked in lasciviousness, lusts, excess of wine, revellings, banquetings, and abominable idolatries:
1 Peter 4:13	But rejoice, inasmuch as ye are partakers of Christ's sufferings; that, when his glory shall be revealed, ye may be glad also with exceeding joy.
1 Peter 5:4	And when the chief Shepherd shall appear, ye shall receive a crown of glory that fadeth not away.
1 Peter 5:14	Greet ye one another with a kiss of charity. Peace be with you all that are in Christ Jesus. Amen.
2 Peter 1:10	Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure: for if ye do these things, ye shall never fall:
2 Peter 1:20	Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation.
2 Peter 2:9	The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptations, and to reserve the unjust unto the day of judgment to be punished:
2 Peter 2:19	While they promise them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption: for of whom a man is overcome, of the same is he brought in bondage.
2 Peter 3:7	But the heavens and the earth, which are now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men.
2 Peter 3:17	Ye therefore, beloved, seeing ye know these things before, beware lest ye also, being led away with the error of the wicked, fall from your own stedfastness.
1 John 1:9	If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
1 John 2:9	He that saith he is in the light, and hateth his brother, is in darkness even until now.
1 John 2:19	They went out from us, but they were not of us; for if they had been of us, they would no doubt have continued with us: but they went out, that they might be made manifest that they were not all of us.
1 John 2:29	If ye know that he is righteous, ye know that every one that doeth righteousness is born of him.
1 John 3:10	In this the children of God are manifest, and the children of the devil: whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God, neither he that loveth not his brother.
1 John 3:20	For if our heart condemn us, God is greater than our heart, and knoweth all things.
1 John 4:6	We are of God: he that knoweth God heareth us; he that is not of God heareth not us. Hereby know we the spirit of truth, and the spirit of error.
1 John 4:16	And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him.
1 John 5:5	Who is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God?
1 John 5:15	And if we know that he hear us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him.
2 John 1:4	I rejoiced greatly that I found of thy children walking in truth, as we have received a commandment from the Father.
3 John 1:1	The elder unto the wellbeloved Gaius, whom I love in the truth.
3 John 1:11	Beloved, follow not that which is evil, but that which is good. He that doeth good is of God: but he that doeth evil hath not seen God.
Jude 1:7	Even as Sodom and Gomorrha, and the cities about them in like manner, giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange flesh, are set forth for an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire.
Jude 1:17	But, beloved, remember ye the words which were spoken before of the apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ;
Revelation 1:2	Who bare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw.
Revelation 1:12	And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks;
Revelation 2:2	I know thy works, and thy labour, and thy patience, and how thou canst not bear them which are evil: and thou hast tried them which say they are apostles, and are not, and hast found them liars:
Revelation 2:12	And to the angel of the church in Pergamos write; These things saith he which hath the sharp sword with two edges;
Revelation 2:22	Behold, I will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery with her into great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds.
Revelation 3:3	Remember therefore how thou hast received and heard, and hold fast, and repent. If therefore thou shalt not watch, I will come on thee as a thief, and thou shalt not know what hour I will come upon thee.
Revelation 3:13	He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.
Revelation 4:1	After this I looked, and, behold, a door was opened in heaven: and the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me; which said, Come up hither, and I will shew thee things which must be hereafter.
Revelation 4:11	Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power: for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created.
Revelation 5:10	And hast made us unto our God kings and priests: and we shall reign on the earth.
Revelation 6:6	And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say, A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny; and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine.
Revelation 6:16	And said to the mountains and rocks, Fall on us, and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb:
Revelation 7:9	After this I beheld, and, lo, a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues, stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands;
Revelation 8:2	And I saw the seven angels which stood before God; and to them were given seven trumpets.
Revelation 8:12	And the fourth angel sounded, and the third part of the sun was smitten, and the third part of the moon, and the third part of the stars; so as the third part of them was darkened, and the day shone not for a third part of it, and the night likewise.
Revelation 9:9	And they had breastplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and the sound of their wings was as the sound of chariots of many horses running to battle.
Revelation 9:19	For their power is in their mouth, and in their tails: for their tails were like unto serpents, and had heads, and with them they do hurt.
Revelation 10:8	And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again, and said, Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth.
Revelation 11:7	And when they shall have finished their testimony, the beast that ascendeth out of the bottomless pit shall make war against them, and shall overcome them, and kill them.
Revelation 11:17	Saying, We give thee thanks, O LORD God Almighty, which art, and wast, and art to come; because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and hast reigned.
Revelation 12:8	And prevailed not; neither was their place found any more in heaven.
Revelation 13:1	And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy.
Revelation 13:11	And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon.
Revelation 14:3	And they sung as it were a new song before the throne, and before the four beasts, and the elders: and no man could learn that song but the hundred and forty and four thousand, which were redeemed from the earth.
Revelation 14:13	And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Write, Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth: Yea, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours; and their works do follow them.
Revelation 15:3	And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous are thy works, Lord God Almighty; just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints.
Revelation 16:5	And I heard the angel of the waters say, Thou art righteous, O Lord, which art, and wast, and shalt be, because thou hast judged thus.
Revelation 16:15	Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame.
Revelation 17:4	And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication:
Revelation 17:14	These shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome them: for he is Lord of lords, and King of kings: and they that are with him are called, and chosen, and faithful.
Revelation 18:6	Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her double according to her works: in the cup which she hath filled fill to her double.
Revelation 18:16	And saying, Alas, alas that great city, that was clothed in fine linen, and purple, and scarlet, and decked with gold, and precious stones, and pearls!
Revelation 19:2	For true and righteous are his judgments: for he hath judged the great whore, which did corrupt the earth with her fornication, and hath avenged the blood of his servants at her hand.
Revelation 19:12	His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns; and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself.
Revelation 20:1	And I saw an angel come down from heaven, having the key of the bottomless pit and a great chain in his hand.
Revelation 20:11	And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them.
Revelation 21:6	And he said unto me, It is done. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is athirst of the fountain of the water of life freely.
Revelation 21:16	And the city lieth foursquare, and the length is as large as the breadth: and he measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs. The length and the breadth and the height of it are equal.
Revelation 21:26	And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into it.
Revelation 22:9	Then saith he unto me, See thou do it not: for I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this book: worship God.
Revelation 22:19	And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.
